Richelle Direny: Hi Brittany.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hey,
Richelle Direny: I was about to give it to you, but I know yesterday. I did that because someone was waiting a long, long time.
Brittany Dingess: And I guess they weren't too happy. Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: The second I'm having a problem with my audio.
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Brittany Dingess: For some reason, every time I get a phone call when I'm using zoom in. So, some with the audio.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, tonight.
Richelle Direny: Yes, we asked when you do get a phone call. It does. I think it kicks out your, your audio.
Brittany Dingess: And does something
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: Just to get to get someone in the virtual clinic.
Richelle Direny: Are you can you can you hear my
Richelle Direny: Goodness. Now,
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So today's session is our session that we're doing today. It's really just an intake session.
Richelle Direny: Today is just an intake session. So it's just mostly going to be in on like just asking interview more than your history and that's and then at the end, we'll talk about like what we will do in terms of scheduling moving forward. Okay.
Brittany Dingess: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, so he pretty much just general in terms of the check in process what you've been doing for group, it's it's generally the same
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: I sent you that message. If you ever have to change your appointment or you need to reschedule or whatever the situation is, you can always respond to me so you can save that number. And you can always respond to me. Okay, times I'll send
Richelle Direny: A reminder of your appointments. I know that I had just started to you yesterday, so I will send you a reminder, either the day before or the day off. I find sometimes that it's better to do it the day of because then it's fresh in
Brittany Dingess: Your mind a
Richelle Direny: In comparison to the day before.
Richelle Direny: So,
Go ahead.
Brittany Dingess: I was gonna say, yeah.
Brittany Dingess: I have so much going on. Normally, forget pretty easily. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I've been. I've been pulling it this the date of because I just find that I get a better response when I look I remind people that the same day that their appointment was is that day at whatever time
Richelle Direny: Because, like, I'll get distracted or what have you, but I generally try to make the send out reminders, um, then
Richelle Direny: When we're meeting individually. I know the rule of bright heart is always having the headset in but when we're meeting individually. I'm not necessarily the biggest stickler because it's your information that you know we're
Brittany Dingess: Talking about
Richelle Direny: I often ask, when were together.
Richelle Direny: In I often asked one where you know group setting. There are other people that's there.
Richelle Direny: That's sharing
Richelle Direny: Yes, so I definitely really asked
Richelle Direny: To to always keep your headset in
Hold on one second.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry. Usually we have like a message for them that they send us messages as to what's going on. So I just needed to see that but
Richelle Direny: Either way, um, so again, like I said, today. Today it's more just the information. I'm just going to get your history.
Richelle Direny: Moses go over that and then towards the end was out, you know, meeting floor individual will have to like another a follow up session after that within you know we for two or not, it's gonna be like a couple weeks and then
Richelle Direny: Then
Richelle Direny: there on out. We'll just make it accordingly based on, you know, we go over today. Okay.
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, so in getting started. If you could just tell me what, how did you hear about bright heart.
Brittany Dingess: Um, I actually found it online. I was curious if what with how prominent till a Medicine Hat and become
Brittany Dingess: I actually found it several months ago or not it was last year I found
Brittany Dingess: That you guys were offering
Brittany Dingess: Substance Abuse Treatment through telemedicine and I thought you know how convenient because the doctor that I have three and he's still my family doctor but when I originally started on Suboxone
Brittany Dingess: Even when I first started. He was one of the only doctors in my area that took my insurance or took any insurance really or substance abuse treatment and
Brittany Dingess: It was when I first started to see him, which has been like four and a half years ago, it was like a 40 minute drive each way. And then we moved
Brittany Dingess: In May of last year and it became almost an hour and a half each way, which is, I mean, it's fine. Like if it's all in my day off or something but
Brittany Dingess: The factory where I work, they sometimes run, seven days a week and it's hard to fit in an extra four or five hours, you know, to get there. And in the weight and be seen and
Brittany Dingess: You know, and get hot, pick up a prescription or whatever and then get home. So I had started looking into something that was more convenient and I stumbled across. You guys are actually
Brittany Dingess: Right when I signed up with bright heart. There's another company that's doing something kind of similar. I'm not real sure the details, but
Brittany Dingess: So yeah, man. I just, I found it on my own on, you know, using Google
Brittany Dingess: Search and if, if anything, I mean, I didn't know if that was even possible, because normally the telehealth companies don't prescribe you know controlled substances, so
Brittany Dingess: I didn't think it would even be possible.
Richelle Direny: What to do this town to do the telehealth.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, to do only tell hill.
Brittany Dingess: But still be able to prescribe this the box on. I didn't think it would be possible. Most places require a, you know, at least by a couple of am person in office visits before they can refill, anything like that. And I know like my
Brittany Dingess: Other my old Suboxone doctor, you know, like they couldn't call even calling a refill, even though I've been a patient
Brittany Dingess: For years, they couldn't call in a refill like I had to come in and physically be seen and drug test and they were saying
Richelle Direny: Well, I do know that I'm you're in Tennessee. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah I know in the other states like other states that they do require that you, you do have a face to face and visit with the
Richelle Direny: With the doctor so you know it didn't, especially now there as telemedicine is getting a little bit more popular and people are being more open to do it. So I think that that's kind of
Richelle Direny: Been a big hole on me, especially now with this whole pandemic that's going on the floodgates has
Richelle Direny: just opened up.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, you're taking on
Brittany Dingess: Well, I know I was reading. They actually ever the DEA is temporarily similar restriction. So now any ill health provider can technically
Brittany Dingess: Calm and even schedule to narcotics, they're allowing opiate opioid prescriptions through telemedicine because of the pandemic and doctors offices closed down and just, you know, I guess, in, in general, where they're trying to curb the spread of the virus, they're allowing
Brittany Dingess: Any telemedicine provider.
Brittany Dingess: You know, as long as they conduct like a thorough concert, you know, be it has to be a video. Video consultation, it can't be just by phone, but
Brittany Dingess: They're allowing out which I mean I would imagine to the more popular telemedicine providers like MD live and doctor on demand and stuff probably still won't do it because the potential for abuse and you know in a situation like that is pretty tremendous
I think
Richelle Direny: What come down to as well the individual and the relationship that a doctor. I'm had with the patient. So, you know, if you've been meeting with a patient for a long time. Um,
Richelle Direny: I think like at this point, um, you know, I think you not to say that you could swear for someone, but I'm guessing it would just depend on the person who was
Richelle Direny: Writing the prescription to say, okay, you know, they won't necessarily abuse it, or what have you, but I think it just depends on the relationship and the record that you have with that person. That's just writing
Richelle Direny: So if a new person comes on you. You might be a little bit leery in terms of whether or not you want to. And then I'm sure there's a lot of questions. It's a very
Brittany Dingess: Our
Richelle Direny: The assessment to the assessment. I'm sure you get more tedious, then if it was just a regular medication, but on so that's good that you did find right heart. It definitely is a little bit more convenient, you're not having to stress, especially I know in Tennessee and like you know I'm
Richelle Direny: In other states that, you know, sometimes the distance between where you live, to where you have to go to the to see the doctor or to whatever treatment program. It's a long commute.
Brittany Dingess: And some people
Richelle Direny: Can't you know commute financially. So having this platform has been a tremendous help for a lot of people, and I've heard people saying that it works really well for them.
Richelle Direny: Have you been in treatment program like have you been getting an inpatient treatment program before
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, one time.
Brittany Dingess: It was a cadence and Chattanooga in 2014 I actually had gotten my second DUI and I had asked the district attorney for a furlough to finish my 45 day mandatory sentence in rehab because I wanted to go to rehab and I had never i mean i hadn't I didn't have insurance.
Brittany Dingess: So I didn't really, you know, going on high, and for it out of pocket or whatever wasn't an option. So I hadn't had the opportunity to go even I'd wanted to go
Brittany Dingess: But, and that provided may not only the opportunity to get out of jail for 28 days of that 45 sentence, but also, you know, it gave me the chance to go and I graduated I did. I mean, I loved it.
Brittany Dingess: I absolutely loved it.
Brittany Dingess: And
Brittany Dingess: That was in 2014 thing.
Richelle Direny: Well, and that was the last time you've been in a treatment program.
Brittany Dingess: Impatient, yeah. I've been
Brittany Dingess: At when I got out, I got out in the beginning of June 2014 from the inpatient program and I stayed just totally clean with no medication management or anything for about six months and I had some dental work done and I had to have the dental work done in
Brittany Dingess: Several different appointments, because I was paying for out of pocket and I had to have some teeth extracted
Brittany Dingess: Solid basically having I've done war to time because that was all that I could afford that was each direction came a prescription of like hydrocodone or whatever. And that kind of reignited my addiction and I started just you know snowballing again. So by the end of 2015 hours.
Brittany Dingess: I had been going to, I started going through Methadone clinics in like the middle of 2015. And that was an email over an hour each way every single day.
Brittany Dingess: And then when I get there. It was like 20 something dollars a day, Sammy. Sammy on SEBI take
Brittany Dingess: So it was like $27 a day for my nose and I wasn't getting to go every day because I didn't have the money. I was working at a restaurant.
Brittany Dingess: A couple of other
Brittany Dingess: People that I knew that we're going to the same clinic. So we would kind of colorful, but still it was, you know, oil and gas and a lot of time and
Brittany Dingess: Money and it wasn't really working for me, long time. And so I finally found a box and doctor I got insurance and then I found the box doctor that took insurance.
Brittany Dingess: And it took me like a month and a half to get in and I was with that same I'm still with that doctor. I mean, you know, he's just my primary care doctor not
Brittany Dingess: He's not doing my box and treatment of addicts at well they switched me last year they switched me from Suboxone to the sub okayed shot.
Brittany Dingess: And that I've been on and I had to bring them over and over that I felt
Brittany Dingess: And I had expressed to them that it wasn't really working.
Brittany Dingess: And
Brittany Dingess: They
Brittany Dingess: He refused to negotiate. You know, like putting me back on the Suboxone or anything so
Brittany Dingess: I'm close like I've been. I just have a had problem after problem was my insurance not want to cover, they'll cover didn't. I don't want to cover the Shaw and they'll go over it again, I don't want to cover it so
Brittany Dingess: I called and told him after I got my last shot that I had thought about and then I wasn't gonna, you know, I just didn't want to take the shot anymore.
Brittany Dingess: Till
Brittany Dingess: Then the name of what
Richelle Direny: What was the name of that program.
Brittany Dingess: Mean, it was just
Brittany Dingess: Kinda like what this is.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: OK.
Richelle Direny: OK. So you said so. Go ahead. So you said you was you were on the shot or you didn't
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: I just didn't. I mean it didn't work my cravings increased, and I felt like it wasn't
Brittany Dingess: Where it you know wasn't dissolving like it's supposed to.
Brittany Dingess: And they, I don't know. I mean, they never they never, I don't have a thyroid anymore. I had to have my thyroid surgically removed a couple years ago.
Brittany Dingess: And I've had problems, taking the replacement hormone. So my metabolism has slowed a lot. And there's a lot of medicines that that I just my body doesn't break down like it's supposed to.
Richelle Direny: And I
Richelle Direny: Guess before the salt that's before getting the thyroid removed or after
Brittany Dingess: After I after I got my thyroid removed in 2017
Brittany Dingess: I also saw in like a April or May of last year and I immediately noticed that my cravings increased and I tried to give it some time, you know, to work.
Brittany Dingess: And I just continued to express that I felt like my body wasn't dissolving the medication like it was supposed to. They never checked the levels of buprenorphine and my board or any urine or anything.
Brittany Dingess: To see if it was dissolved and correctly. However, I have independently researched the shot and found that it's a common issue for it to not dissolve as quickly as its intended to
Brittany Dingess: So the those that get with it is like significantly lower than just taking it every day.
Brittany Dingess: And I am. I mean, they're still trying to get it refilled. And I've called and told them that I'm not going to take it anymore, but they're still trying to get me to take it and I'll tell them you know it's not working.
Brittany Dingess: You know I'm I've moved on. I've found, you know, I've got to do something that's going to work better for me. I haven't. And I've been when I got sick last
Brittany Dingess: About 10 days ago I was, I had told him you know that I would give them all the details, but my next appointment. Well, I didn't get to go to my next appointment, which would have been
Brittany Dingess: Monday, I think this week was when I was supposed to go for an in office appointment.
Brittany Dingess: I didn't get to go because I guess that that office is not really even seeing patients right now because of the buyers. So they just call and tell me that they moved the appointment out there. Will we
Brittany Dingess: And my doctor hasn't even been in the office so
Brittany Dingess: When I go and talk to him. I'm gonna give him. You know, like all the details of Bret Hart Hale, so they can coordinate is
Richelle Direny: just your regular primary doctor right
Brittany Dingess: When he started out as just my Suboxone doctor. And over time, I may not develop a good, a good relationship with them. So he
Richelle Direny: If you have a Suboxone doctor and then now you're working with Dr. Jamison
Richelle Direny: Can you have two different DOCTORS PRESCRIBING you
Brittany Dingess: Know, I mean he's not he's no longer prescribing it to me is what I'm saying.
Okay.
Brittany Dingess: He gave that I got that last shot and then I was able to get in here. I got a walk. I had submitted my insurance and everything to bright heart and I hadn't heard anything back from them.
Brittany Dingess: So I've gone ahead and gone to my appointment in February, with them and got the shot.
Brittany Dingess: And then like a couple weeks later I heard back from Breitbart, and they were able to get me in, like, a few weeks after I had the last shot.
Brittany Dingess: So I called his office and told him that I wasn't going to be taken. Michelle anymore and you know for because it just wasn't working for me.
Brittany Dingess: And there's issues with the insurance. I mean, it's just, you know, it's the hassle all the way around. Mm hmm. And it's not, you know, it wasn't working for me if it's not on the level that you know i needed personally and since he wasn't willing to put me back on just Suboxone
Brittany Dingess: You know, I've moved on to other treatments. And I said, I just told him I still want them to be my primary care doctor but just not
Brittany Dingess: You know prescribe
Richelle Direny: Yeah, to treat me. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. What was the name of the treatment program that you were going to prior. The one when you did. Were you did you served out your, your time from your DUI wasn't able to inpatient program.
Brittany Dingess: cadence its counsel for alcohol and drug abuse services.
Brittany Dingess: I think
Richelle Direny: And how long and you only did you only start 20 days in there. You said right
Brittany Dingess: 28 yeah
Richelle Direny: 28 and you said that you did like groups and you met with an individual counselor.
Brittany Dingess: I only met with an individual counselor, like one it was group therapy every day and just different why
Brittany Dingess: They have different like skill building classes like meditation like learning how to meditate and breathing exercises and just different, different things. The majority of it was a shooting outside
Brittany Dingess: And it gives zeebo waiting to go to the next class, there'd be like an hour class and then a two hour break in an hour class and then a two hour break. You know, so
Brittany Dingess: The majority of it was just like being able to interact with other adults without there being drugs involved kind of learning how to just
Brittany Dingess: Have friends again without drugs being involved, which is, you know, something that I hadn't had in a long time.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So pretty much learning affecting called coping skills in the absence of alcohol or any types of substances, I'm
Like
Richelle Direny: Okay. Now, have you when. How old were you when you start when you
Richelle Direny: got addicted to what is it your drug of choice is alcohol.
Brittany Dingess: No other choice was opioids.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And when did you first got introduced to the old ones.
Brittany Dingess: The very first time I tried them.
Brittany Dingess: Like recreationally
Brittany Dingess: I was probably
Brittany Dingess: 15 or 16 my grandfather had cancer and he had about like they would give him Percocet and stuff and he would keep them all in the refrigerator for a reason.
Brittany Dingess: And I like every once in a while. And I'm I mean like every single month. I would take one and you know go to school and I'd be all you know like hyper and social and I just felt good and then
Brittany Dingess: What, what, really, I think, or may what really did it for me.
Brittany Dingess: Was when I was 17 after he passed away. I was saving saying I was in a really bad car accident. So like I was prescribed them.
Brittany Dingess: For legitimate medical purposes I'm I didn't break anything other than I had stress fractures in my collarbone. But
Brittany Dingess: I took a lot of ligaments muscles and stuff in my shoulders and in my neck from the whiplash. And so, ours is for prescribe darvocet and Tramadol and
Brittany Dingess: By couldn't and you know it. And then the injuries that are sustained in that car accident calls my spine to start to degenerate.
Brittany Dingess: And like the twit from my thoracic if the end of the cervical spine and so Santa has a car accident in 2004
Brittany Dingess: I was just always put into pain management or I was given Percocet and had her coat on. And Tramadol you know this all the time, constantly increasing the doses and it got i mean i'm because I actually liked the way that it made me feel
Brittany Dingess: That exacerbated. You know, I would take it because I physically hurt. And then I learned pretty early on that I could take it if I hurt emotionally or files anxious and it helped so I learned. You know that. And I guess I felt comfortable like
Brittany Dingess: You know, I wasn't having the doctor shop or anything, because I had legitimate physical reasons to be prescribed pain medicine.
Brittany Dingess: So it was just, I mean, I always had it and until it got like my diction got so out of control that I was I was taking a month's worth of pain medicine in two days. I don't know how I didn't overdose on the acetaminophen.
Brittany Dingess: Thank God I didn't, because I was. I mean, it was, it had been
Brittany Dingess: I mean, it was probably upwards of like
Brittany Dingess: Oil grams of acetaminophen on Sundays that I would say
Brittany Dingess: Wow. Yeah. And
Richelle Direny: So you're hearing
Richelle Direny: Your parents are you so you grew up with your grandparents or with your parents.
Brittany Dingess: With my grandparents.
Richelle Direny: And he didn't. They didn't know that the pills where someone was going
Brittany Dingess: I would only literally only take like one every couple of months at first, and then he passed away. So I went, you know, a good like year was really out without, you know, having any I didn't bother to think about trying to find any illegally.
Brittany Dingess: The night car accident kind of reminded me. You know why I would sneak them every once in a while. And because I certainly had access to them and you know no one was counting them and see how many I had, I mean it just, it got out of control, really, really quickly.
Brittany Dingess: You know, fast forward like four years and I actually was Dr. Shopping.
Brittany Dingess: Get more and more and more prescriptions, because I was taking them so fast and then
Brittany Dingess: I mean I'll and I will go through periods where
Brittany Dingess: You know I would.
Brittany Dingess: Kind of slow down.
Brittany Dingess: I went to college right out of high school, and I did really well in school, but the anger, like the social anxiety that go into a big university calls
Brittany Dingess: Calls mean you know where I was taking up more and more and I had. There's a whole an hour is not nearly all I love to try to tell you all the details that have led me to this point, I had an eating disorder when I was a teenager.
Brittany Dingess: I mean,
Brittany Dingess: I anxiety issues and depression. I started cutting myself when I was 14
Richelle Direny: All of that because all of that is going to go into each section of this. And, you know, like you said, an hour is really truly not enough time and that's why we schedule other sessions but um
Richelle Direny: So you're saying now before we go into because that will I will capture that when we talk about your mental health history of mental illness.
Richelle Direny: Now, did you know you did say that you are so the only time you were incarcerated was for DUI.
Brittany Dingess: No, I'm
Brittany Dingess: So I went to when I
Brittany Dingess: Finish three years when I originally wrote enrolled in college right out of high school, I made it to the end of my third year of college and I had like a
Brittany Dingess: I guess it was related to my eating disorder, but I'm not. I mean, I'm not hundred percent sure. But anyways, I started having a lot of health problems.
Brittany Dingess: So I ended up having five surgeries in one year and I was on a full academic scholarship and because I missed clients like
Brittany Dingess: I had to had to have an emergency appendectomy my gallbladder stopped working. I had like probably 40 or 50 kidney stones.
Brittany Dingess: Within a few months and I had to have one of those surgically removed, and then I had a punch the wall broke my hand. So all that happen from like January 2007 all the way to think the last, the last surgery was October.
Brittany Dingess: 2000
Brittany Dingess: Or January. Yeah. Is all those surgeries were in 2007 so I lost my scholarship
Brittany Dingess: In 2000 the beginning of 2008
So you
Richelle Direny: Seven.
Brittany Dingess: I started college in 2005
So you never
Brittany Dingess: Know, but I am i mean i i re enrolled in college in 2014 and I'm in my senior year of college again for a different different major but
Brittany Dingess: I'm there. I mean, I'm still, you know, I'm doing well, and I really, I had to take some leaves of absence, but
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, I'm I'm currently a student so
Richelle Direny: Did you so so what were you studying at the time.
Brittany Dingess: Okay ministry. Okay.
Brittany Dingess: And be a medical examiner
Oh well.
Richelle Direny: That's that. That's that people right
Brittany Dingess: Yeah. Originally I wanted to be a pediatric cardio pulmonologist, but that's just
Brittany Dingess: I feel like I just
Brittany Dingess: I don't know. I felt like my emotions would get in the way, all asleep dealing with babies and small children and stuff.
Brittany Dingess: Figured you know dealing with. I wanted to be a doctor regardless enough figure deal with their people, you know, will be the easiest way to bypass any emotional attachment and just try to be professional my used to. I used to think that my diction.
Brittany Dingess: I never considered myself an addict during that time until recent. More recently, but I used to be so resentful because I thought
Brittany Dingess: I became an addict, because I lost my scholarship and, you know, basically we're at after I lost my scholarship. I thought a fail on a drug charge is another story but
Brittany Dingess: So essentially, you know, I could never go back into that degree program because I have a felony. And I was so resentful always because I thought that all that happened because I lost my scholarship
Brittany Dingess: That I became an addict, because I lost my scholarship. But I mean, now I know I would have been an addict, regardless
Richelle Direny: So you're saying that you can't go into a medical program because of it.
Brittany Dingess: Right, and I think the laws have changed. Now I could go into like nursing or something but
Brittany Dingess: If
Richelle Direny: You want to be in the medical field.
Brittany Dingess: Um,
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, I may not always want to either be in the medical field or in like friends like crime scene things
Richelle Direny: Like a CSI like you go and you do
There.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, that's very ambitious of you, you can use
Richelle Direny: You definitely until you until you no longer have a life, you still there's there's always a hope they can still do it. You could still do when I was in college, I had people that could have been my grandmother in my, in my class. So are great almost great grandma, they were
Richelle Direny: Seniors. So there's still hope so go after it.
Richelle Direny: Now do you now let's go into your family history in terms of. I know you said you were raised by your grandparents. Was it your parents were uninvolved. What was the dynamics. Do they have a history, my sense to me.
Brittany Dingess: My mother, my biological mother has always been in my life. It was when I was born.
Brittany Dingess: My biological father was abusive towards her August, and so she placed me in the custody of her parents
Brittany Dingess: And they adopted and raised me, AND WHEN I WAS REALLY SMALL. They always tell me that she was my sister, because I guess they thought it was easier for me to call for him than trying to explain the true
Brittany Dingess: My biological father. I do know him and I
Brittany Dingess: When I got in trouble when I was 21 I moved to he lived that entire partner half of my family. Pretty much lived in Indiana.
Brittany Dingess: And I moved up there to kind of get away from all the people you know had associated with one I got arrested and or like six months. I tried to forge a relationship with him, and I've got step brother and two sisters and because of my stepmother.
Brittany Dingess: She, she would lie about me like I was working two jobs working 90 hours a week, and she told that my sisters and sisters. The reason that I wasn't around is because I was out doing drugs and running around and doing this, man. I wasn't, I really wasn't. But
Richelle Direny: Around
Brittany Dingess: I didn't, I didn't grow up with him.
Brittany Dingess: Made him twice from the time I was born until it was like in my 40s early or late teens, early 20s.
But
Brittany Dingess: He, he's an alcoholic my maternal grandfather was an alcoholic oil.
Richelle Direny: What about your mother, your mother well. So when did you find out that she was your sister. She was your mother.
Brittany Dingess: I think they tell me when I was like nine and I didn't believe them.
Brittany Dingess: So when I was like 14 they finally, you know, explained in detail, everything that had happened and I was like, well, I mean, you know, I still get my grandmother, like my mom because she worries me and
Brittany Dingess: You know that my like even right now mom my mother and my stepfather and my grandmother, my grandmother live in the same house so I mean I'm you know she's, she's always been around. She's not ever had any issues with addiction, um,
Brittany Dingess: How old were you when your
Richelle Direny: father passed away.
Brittany Dingess: Takes
Brittany Dingess: 16
Richelle Direny: So you said your, your grandmother and your stepfather. They live together.
Brittany Dingess: My mother, my grandmother and my stepfather. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And your mother doesn't have a history of addiction.
Brittany Dingess: No. Yes. My father and her father and my biological father. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now you said that for
Richelle Direny: For your mental illness, you said that you had an eating disorder.
Brittany Dingess: I did.
Richelle Direny: And what about
Richelle Direny: What else in terms of you, depression, anxiety,
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, when I was 14 I started
Brittany Dingess: Cutting myself and I did that.
Brittany Dingess: Up until I did it for like room.
Brittany Dingess: Or 13 or 14 years I would cut my I've got scars all over my arms and white photography
Brittany Dingess: And I'll cut myself and I wouldn't as I when I got into my early 20s, I started punching and yeah like kind of like
Brittany Dingess: Migration, but that was
Brittany Dingess: Pretty. I mean, it was pretty short lived, honestly.
Brittany Dingess: I was never really angry growing up.
Brittany Dingess: I mean, I was a good kid. I had straight A's all through school. You know my birth and you know I had always growing up always because I'll, I'll be the first college graduate in my family.
Brittany Dingess: So always growing up, you know, like my grandparents, put a lot of pressure on me to perform well academically and pursue a career where I would never have to worry about money and that kind of thing. So that, and I wanted to help people. So that's where the, you know, I wanted to be a doctor.
Brittany Dingess: So when I lost my scholarship and then I got that failing. Ah right after that and I couldn't go back, be a doctor. I didn't have a backup plan at all. And I had never thought about like what if this doesn't work out, and I have to, you know, come up with something else.
Brittany Dingess: So,
Well, you could still do.
Richelle Direny: Examiner, I mean, people are always dying, they still need to get examined for the cause of death.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah. And now that enough time has passed since the failing.
Brittany Dingess: April.
Brittany Dingess: April 20
Brittany Dingess: Of this year, will my 10 years since I was convicted and 11 years since I was charged with it.
Brittany Dingess: So now that enough time is tired Yeah, okay, I can definitely going at least go into nursing or something. But actually, the degree that I'm pursuing now is the human services with the concentration in addiction.
Brittany Dingess: I want to get my masters in clinical social work basically quite here, then that's what I'm in school for now.
Richelle Direny: Let's talk about it on the sideline and
Brittany Dingess: See if you still want to do
Richelle Direny: It. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, but, I mean, it sounds like you, you just have a heart to want to help people and that's good. And I think that's what it comes down to is going to help people.
Brittany Dingess: I've had so many things happen. I've been sexually assaulted. I've been in abusive relationships.
Brittany Dingess: I grew up with an alcoholic grandfather. They never ever hit me. I was never like right or molested when I was little. It was situations.
Brittany Dingess: That I kind of put myself into being around people, you know, like being, you know, we're a lot of people doing drugs and stuff. When I got arrested.
Brittany Dingess: At a college I had actually had lost my apartment. So I had to move back home and I was kind of running around with some people on a new from high school and started doing math. And I did that for about six months. And that's what led to that fail on me.
Brittany Dingess: So you
Brittany Dingess: Didn't even look. Yeah. Well, there was a meth lab in the hotel room where I was visiting and I had an ex boyfriend, follow me there and call the police. Why didn't know anything was in there.
Brittany Dingess: Anything on me but
Brittany Dingess: I had stopped by to see your friends that used to be when he was attached to, or is that I had known for a while.
Brittany Dingess: And stopped by to see him about some tests to work and, you know, lo and behold, the police come right behind me and knock on the door and my charge. Both of us with the same, even though I wasn't in possession of anything. And then when it comes when it came down to
Brittany Dingess: Me pleading guilty to something. There was also stolen loaded gun in the room. They told me that I had the choice of pleading guilty to either the
Brittany Dingess: Gun charge or the drug charge. So I took the drug charge because I didn't, you know, I didn't want like a you know figures a drug charge was like violence over fail on me if I had to have a felony. You know, I mean, no.
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: Children.
Brittany Dingess: No.
Brittany Dingess: As far as
Brittany Dingess: My husband had testicular cancer when we got married. And as far as we know, he can't. I mean, he became have to learn
Brittany Dingess: And
Brittany Dingess: I had always wanted to adopt.
Brittany Dingess: Because I carry
Brittany Dingess: A rare blood disease, a rare genetic blood disease.
Brittany Dingess: It's it's a dominant type of disease. So it wouldn't matter if he carries it or not. If I have a child. It's going to have that disease and
Brittany Dingess: It's similar to with this. It's called balancing Mia.
Brittany Dingess: It's not a common one is it runs into like a lot of Middle Eastern bloodlines, but that's not where I got it from. I got it from my great grandfather was 100% Native American
Richelle Direny: He
Brittany Dingess: And it runs the Native American bloodlines. And most of the time, children that are born with it. Don't live past infancy.
Brittany Dingess: So,
Richelle Direny: Well, here you are full grown adult
Brittany Dingess: I carry it. But my mother has it and she is. I mean, she's had I mean so many health problems. It's ridiculous. And like they told my grandmother when my mother was little that she wouldn't live past 10 years old. Wow, you
Richelle Direny: You say you have siblings.
Richelle Direny: You say you have siblings, I
Know,
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: My family. I'm an only child on my mother's side.
Brittany Dingess: My siblings.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: Just, I don't think I could deal with like mentally and emotionally cope with losing a child.
Brittany Dingess: So that's why I'm not ever plus that I was, you know, even though through like the worst part of my addiction and promiscuity and everything else.
Brittany Dingess: I did always at least have like I was in the frame of mind that you know realized that I was not capable caring for a child in the state that I was in.
Brittany Dingess: So I always stayed on birth control, just so I wouldn't get pregnant because
Brittany Dingess: You know, I know, in the worst part of my addiction. I was an IV drug user and everything else. And I just, I knew even through
Brittany Dingess: You know the haze of the drugs. I was on. I still always knew that I definitely didn't, you know, I could kidney care for myself. So I definitely knew that I couldn't care for child.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You have to have you have any history of substance of suicide attempts.
Brittany Dingess: Um,
Brittany Dingess: Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: Why
Brittany Dingess: But
Brittany Dingess: The two times I mean I legitimately tried was
Brittany Dingess: The end result of some issues with
Brittany Dingess: Some anti the antipsychotics, they had me on at the time, which was that correct, sir. And they me on Xanax and their fur coat and it was those I purchase or just didn't never
Brittany Dingess: It something in it would make me. You know, I'd be fine. Most of the time.
Brittany Dingess: Everyone wants in a while, I would just totally, like, I wouldn't remember doing it, but I mean I just cut myself or I would kind of like freak out. And that's what happened. The two main times where I had to go get else I'll stitch.
Brittany Dingess: They never they didn't keep me or anything, because I was a huge had a history of cutting anyway.
Brittany Dingess: But you know it'd be like for a few minutes. I would just
Brittany Dingess: It felt like the whole world was caving in on me and I didn't know how to deal with it. And I would want to kill myself and try and I'll get myself up and then they were
Brittany Dingess: The one time I was on the phone with the suicide crisis hotline and they GPS where I was at and came and kick my door down and took me to the emergency room and they sold me up and get me back home.
Brittany Dingess: Because I'd be like that for a few minutes and then I'd be fine. Again, you know, I wouldn't really been remember do, and most of it. So I was on for except for a few years and then I was on Sarah will for like four or five years.
Brittany Dingess: And it just got to the point where it didn't really work anymore. Like I don't take it and it just just stopped working and I had me on the max max out at 800 milligrams a day. Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: Um, were you, you were born and raised in Tennessee.
Brittany Dingess: No, I was born in West Virginia, and we live there. So I was like nine and a half, and then we moved to Tennessee. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Um, what I would like to do, I would like to schedule you would you be available to meet on the 16th, which is in two weeks at five o'clock.
Richelle Direny: It will be two weeks from today.
Richelle Direny: No, it isn't. I think it's the
It's on the 16th. Yeah.
I finally
Brittany Dingess: 16
Brittany Dingess: Remember,
Brittany Dingess: What time
Richelle Direny: Are you are you able to meet during the day.
Richelle Direny: Mike at 12 o'clock.
Brittany Dingess: Let's get me.
Richelle Direny: To meet on the arm at 12 o'clock.
Brittany Dingess: That should be fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So then let's do the 10th at 12
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Brittany Dingess: All right.
Richelle Direny: I'll do, I'll change it to
Richelle Direny: But I'll send you a reminder to let you know.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, because then that is really far out because I would really like to, you know, flesh out and then after we meet, we kind of go over how our sessions, whether we meet weekly or every other week. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so, um, and so in that time that we will talk about like what would you would like to work on. What are you know some of your goals. We kind of have your goal. So, at that time, we will discuss a lot of that on the 10th. Okay.
Brittany Dingess: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then, thank you so much. I'm sorry that that you know it took so long and
Brittany Dingess: I should have no not I'm I'm normally I try to check in, like 30 or 40 minutes prior to just because I know it can take a while and
Brittany Dingess: I got tied up on a phone call and ended up not good. I checked in. I get to check in. As early as I normally do so.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so that's fine, that's fine. But if anything always send me a message and just let me know. And then we can, um,
Richelle Direny: I could just send you the code. I'll just let them know that will send you the code. Okay.
Brittany Dingess: I wasn't, I wasn't 100% sure how to reach you, because I mean I had
Richelle Direny: That's why, that's why I said let me send you the message so that at least you'll know
Brittany Dingess: You can let me know what's going on. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then, thank you so much, Brittany, so we'll see each other in two weeks.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Actually, I see you on Wednesday in group.
Brittany Dingess: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're Welcome. Have a good
Richelle Direny: Weekend you too.
Bye Bye bye.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry about that. Chris, um, they had a lot of traffic in Brighton in virtual. So I told him to tell you that I'm running about 510 minutes because I had another session going
Chris Padrutt: Cuz I know yours.
Richelle Direny: So how was everything you look bright today.
Chris Padrutt: Well, I think it's just, oh lights are off. I'm sitting right in front of a window. I think it's just coming right in here.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So everything is going well, then
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good, that's good work is still going good. And you're still have work, nothing is shut down yet.
Chris Padrutt: I've been shopping for people
Richelle Direny: No, it's
Chris Padrutt: Not or 200 bucks a day. So I'm getting getting me by anyway.
Richelle Direny: Oh, Jessica going grocery shopping at
Richelle Direny: The how many people you go grocery shopping for
Chris Padrutt: anywhere between five and 10 a day, maybe more, sometimes I put two or three orders together at the same store so
Richelle Direny: Okay, like a lot of for the senior senior citizens in your area.
To everybody
Chris Padrutt: I did get a lot of seniors, but there's just as many rich folks that
You know,
Richelle Direny: You're only getting $200 for the day.
Chris Padrutt: With people that pays anywhere from
Chris Padrutt: 10 $30
Chris Padrutt: A trip to the store so
Richelle Direny: We don't have to worry about how do you gauge your pricing.
Chris Padrutt: I just figured out for last week.
Chris Padrutt: I'm a little over $800 last week and it said I'll work 42 hours so they put a ride around $20 an hour, but take out 5050 bucks for that for gas.
Richelle Direny: On your own are like, this is what you're doing on your own or something or some like you're working for someone who's starting
Chris Padrutt: It's a, it's it's Instacart.
Richelle Direny: Oh ok ok ok so you get paid by the store.
Chris Padrutt: Get paid by Instacart.
Chris Padrutt: Part of it is customer tips.
Chris Padrutt: Which
Chris Padrutt: They pay out once weekly
Chris Padrutt: But the car payment so you can cash out the same day if you want
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Chris Padrutt: You're able to get have caches each day, which is nice.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good, that's good. Were you were you, you were working
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, I just don't saw jobs here and there.
Richelle Direny: But that but you saying that that's that cut back right
Yeah.
Chris Padrutt: I had a basement remodel lined up was going to be a couple thousand dollar job but
Chris Padrutt: The lady's husband ended up in the hospital and now with this stuff going on. It's quite a while.
Blowing up your
Richelle Direny: Individually
Richelle Direny: I'm saying it's a, it's a, it's been a while since we've met in the
Chris Padrutt: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: I'm just looking at to go over
Richelle Direny: You haven't been outside, outside of bright heart do you are you going, where are you ever going to
Richelle Direny: outside groups.
Chris Padrutt: I tried that.
Chris Padrutt: For this, it was more for the sleep thing. I started looking for a psychiatrist and
Chris Padrutt: The way my insurance covers
Chris Padrutt: The people around you know just
Chris Padrutt: Just wasn't working for me so
Chris Padrutt: But my anxieties gone down a lot.
Chris Padrutt: Being able to sleep sublet now so
Chris Padrutt: Seroquel that she gave me
Chris Padrutt: I've been playing with a yeah that was a dread on it and
Chris Padrutt: It puts me out for a good three or four hours and
Chris Padrutt: But I still, you know, have the same problems with my shoulders and
Chris Padrutt: So I'm still going through the insurance crap with that you know they want me to do a bunch of physical therapy before they're doing my eyes and all that crap so
Richelle Direny: You're right.
Richelle Direny: And that's been under control, for the most part.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and given that your anxiety is decreased on a lot now that you're getting sleep. Do you feel that your diabetes has is also under control, you
Chris Padrutt: Know, less stressful, you know, stress that to it so
Chris Padrutt: Stressed out that
Chris Padrutt: Helps
Richelle Direny: And I also know, this is what I also knows. Remember, the one thing that I always talk to you about our say to you when we would meet
Chris Padrutt: What about smaller than
Richelle Direny: What after the other.
Chris Padrutt: I picked it up a couple times, but
Richelle Direny: It was one after the other. And I'm like, my god, are you anxious
I
Chris Padrutt: I have a habit of doing it when I talk to people. Anyway, I'll always my son actually copies me doing it like when he gets on the phone, they'll, they'll go outside and walk back and forth on the
Chris Padrutt: wraparound porch White House people on the phone. Same thing I do. But I don't know it's just something being on the phone or doing this or something. I'm always smoking or want to walk around.
Richelle Direny: You never you weren't really even because there were times where we were. And we were in a session you are outside
Richelle Direny: But I noticed when you sit down, you were always smoking number like he hasn't picked up a cigarette yet. And so, so that is definitely
Richelle Direny: A sign that you are getting some sleep and things are are
Richelle Direny: going a little bit better. Now let me ask you now, given that it's been a while. And I know like now that work is picking up and at least you being able to help around because I know back then you were kind of try and try and for yourself, find different ways to
Richelle Direny: generate some type of income because I know your girlfriend was the one mainly working and having the issues with the insurance company and what have you. Now, do you have you gotten in contact with your kids or no, or that's still kind of the same.
Chris Padrutt: My still kind of the same.
Chris Padrutt: She does a lot of shit, every time.
Chris Padrutt: I'm a contact show pretend to play nice but
Chris Padrutt: She does. She had to affect the kids.
Chris Padrutt: That
Richelle Direny: I just
Richelle Direny: Saying that in the last six months you've tried reaching out
Chris Padrutt: No, not, not, not in the last six months, but
Chris Padrutt: I've gone through periods, you know,
Chris Padrutt: Weight loss. Try it again, wait six months, try you know it was five years ago, you know,
Chris Padrutt: Six or seven years of doing is now so
Chris Padrutt: This
Chris Padrutt: Is the same you know therapists help when I do talk to them, you know, but
Richelle Direny: I've been a bit
Chris Padrutt: Like your court systems, you know, ain't real helpful, you know, of course.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you know, like you said, end of the day, it is her call or her choice or in terms of what ultimately happens to some degree. Anyway, or choice. But now, did you ever find you. Have you been following up with the psychiatrists
Now,
Chris Padrutt: Around it, you know, it's Medicaid. So they're sending me a bunch of holes in the walls that
Chris Padrutt: The people don't even want to be there. So they pay no attention.
Chris Padrutt: To two sessions that are my guide and I've tried somebody else and
Richelle Direny: I know I don't I don't know when. But I do know that is something that
Richelle Direny: I've even spoken to do right hard about the idea of bringing on, you know, the idea of having a psychiatry is only because you know there's a lot of people who have co occurring.
Richelle Direny: Disorder with the substance abuse and mental health issues. And so to make that a little bit, you know, easy or, you know, more accessible, especially when patients have issues with trying to
Richelle Direny: Find a psychologist in the community.
Richelle Direny: You know having someone here and my heart. So, you know, we have, you know, the medical doctors been having a nurse practitioners now. So a psychiatry, but I guess, you know, everything has to go through the regulation of each state so
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, that's a yes no
Richelle Direny: You got to state.
Chris Padrutt: You go to go to the nurse practitioner before they even talk
Chris Padrutt: To a psychiatrist.
Richelle Direny: Exactly so. But now that and I think that be maybe more people will be more
Richelle Direny: Willing to of course with the telemedicine.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, I think, I think that would be perfect for that, you know,
Richelle Direny: Yes, because you have you have so many. I mean, now that they opened the floodgate I would think that this is one of the things that you may have psychiatrists, because the thing is with psychiatrists
Richelle Direny: Outside of medical doctor. I mean, well, they are medical doctors, but the thing with psychiatrists in comparison to your general practitioner.
Richelle Direny: You're really just sitting there having a conversation. Okay, my medication is this. This is what's new. You know, it's just the conversation.
Richelle Direny: And then they say, okay, well I'll prescribe you this, and then you go on your way. So I would think that this is a
Richelle Direny: And again, you know, that's just what I will do that. This is a great platform to do it through telemedicine and maybe once in a while they do look at impatient visit if or not impatient in office visit me if needs be,
Richelle Direny: But hopefully, especially what psychiatry, you will get more psychiatrists that's more willing to come on board to do this.
Richelle Direny: To at least make it a little bit more convenient for the patients who
Chris Padrutt: I'VE SEEN I'VE SEEN A TV commercial for they already have some great medicating don't take don't take Medicaid
Richelle Direny: With all with all of this Medicaid seems to have been they have lifted certain things are met again. Every state is very different because Medicaid is based on the state. It's not based on it's not federal it's, it's, you know, it's local government each state. So, um,
Richelle Direny: So hopefully, I would think that it would be a good thing to do, but I mean, for right now you're saying that the circle has helped. It's that it helps with sleep.
Chris Padrutt: So, at least as it leaves me a little groggy, like I really hate the next day grogginess and it's a lot harder to get you up in the morning.
Chris Padrutt: But
Chris Padrutt: You know, I have gone to see psychiatrist and I've tried probably
Chris Padrutt: 10 to 15 different antidepressants and stuff.
Chris Padrutt: Man.
Chris Padrutt: Nothing's ever
Chris Padrutt: Worked for
Chris Padrutt: Getting any kind of sleep, then this the first time.
Chris Padrutt: anybody's ever given me anything that actually put me to sleep. The next kind of hard to breathe a little bit at night, but
Chris Padrutt: I breathe shallow ended up late at night, one time and I was in the hospital.
Chris Padrutt: Lead oxycodone sensor on you and the alarm kept going off every time I was off that wasn't breathing.
Chris Padrutt: So I was like, can you just make muted. She's like, I got it down the lowest setting, it'll go
Richelle Direny: Oh you have sleep apnea.
Chris Padrutt: Probably
Richelle Direny: That's what it sounds like you have sleep apnea.
Chris Padrutt: Why don't snore anything
Chris Padrutt: Oh, I don't have any struggling, I think.
Richelle Direny: I think sleep apnea is why I think you didn't you stop breathing at some point. Right.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I
Richelle Direny: Think that's what it is. You stop breathing.
Richelle Direny: For but it only lasts for a little time. And then there's this big exhale let you take it in. And then you start reading the news as Big exhale, but
Chris Padrutt: I just real
Chris Padrutt: Small short dress. When I'm
Chris Padrutt: Sleeping, I guess. And I actually, you know, I tried breathing techniques, just to try to calm down and I do it at night because it helps it helps me sleep.
Chris Padrutt: You know, just three seconds and 30 seconds out, you know,
Chris Padrutt: But once I those off. I have no control over it and
Chris Padrutt: Normally doesn't normally doesn't bother me at all, know the race. I know about it because the one time in the hospital, but I do notice with this. If I have a stuffy nose or something.
Chris Padrutt: That's just enough that kind of
Chris Padrutt: wakes me up, you know, because I'm not breathing. So I'll just set up on the edge of the bed and take a couple breaths and
Chris Padrutt: Stop using it and try to find something else and then up in the same boat. I was in
Richelle Direny: Listen, given the time that I've been meet with you. I see a big one at. I mean, you're doing so much better in terms of your FX is much brighter I'm less anxious
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, my sleep. Okay.
Richelle Direny: The second goal selfless meeting you have you getting third tool we discovered of he knows how to smile.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, so definitely you can you, I'm sure you can share with you have a testimonial.
Richelle Direny: Lack of sleep definitely affects your mental state of mind and your physical abuse.
Richelle Direny: Is very
Richelle Direny: Limited sleep definitely gets you really like you said groggy and just everything just equilibrium everything kind of goes out of whack. So that is
Richelle Direny: And I'm sure you know, being able to go out there and actively do something and work and, you know, just be creative and everything that you do to generate some type of income.
Richelle Direny: Having a clear mind will definitely help that.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: But the overall in all of this with, you know, what is your stress level at this point when it comes on to the current
You know crisis, I would say that's going on.
Chris Padrutt: Oh, I love it. Everybody staying at home.
Chris Padrutt: Not a big fan of people like it just depends on around you know
Chris Padrutt: happy people. I can be happy. You know, they were being assholes. You know, I'll be an asshole, too.
Chris Padrutt: I don't like when people pick on other people or
Chris Padrutt: You know, I can be a hassle. But, you know, I'm not meaning to be an ass. Oh.
Chris Padrutt: I'm looking out for people one. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so even with with every kind of being under our self quarantining themselves, you find that you're
Chris Padrutt: evil people away more respectful. Now, you know, they're
Chris Padrutt: Keeping the social distant, you know, the six feet thing going on. You know, so people aren't
Chris Padrutt: Always right here behind you in LA and you know backup to feed. You don't have to be touching me
You know, so
Chris Padrutt: I think I don't think they'll change anybody, but I think she I think saying the wrong thing is that we're doing in society, you know, the things that weren't taken care of and
Chris Padrutt: That we should we will learn from it, but I don't think we will
Richelle Direny: Okay. Well, I mean, listen, there's a lot that you can learn from this with everything that's going on. There's definitely a lot to learn from it. Um,
Chris Padrutt: Yeah I don't get stressed over this, this kind of shit though.
Chris Padrutt: I'm not worried about it.
Richelle Direny: Even though we
Chris Padrutt: Are all capable, my family are already dead. So
Chris Padrutt: I wanted to worry about that part.
Richelle Direny: Well, what about your sister. Do you talk to her was last time you spoke to her.
Chris Padrutt: Oh yeah, she, she's a hypochondriac. So she texts me to two weeks ago. She does. She had a coronavirus but
Chris Padrutt: She's just she's a fat girl is a hypochondriac.
Chris Padrutt: Anytime something hearts and you know her knees legs are going to her.
Chris Padrutt: I tell her lose 100 pounds, you know, she's, she's an overlay. You know, I'm not trying to be mean about it, but you want you ladies Claire lose 100 pounds.
Richelle Direny: You're just like, straight up, straight shooter later.
Chris Padrutt: I did it. I was I was to add at my my fattest
Richelle Direny: Does she live close to you guys live in the same state.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, she's probably 1520 minutes away.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. You don't see each other that often.
Chris Padrutt: I just put a floor and for not long ago.
Chris Padrutt: Not really.
Chris Padrutt: A holiday, she's on body. She stays at her and her husband just stay at the house.
Richelle Direny: And she has children.
Chris Padrutt: Now she she can't have my kids.
Chris Padrutt: So she just whenever she gets a snowfall she tags and whenever she needs something she text me and I'll get out of there and fix it or
Richelle Direny: No. Okay. Okay. But I mean, overall, I know you're worried, which know
Richelle Direny: Worrying only puts a little bit more stressors on your on your putting more stresses on yourself, you know,
Chris Padrutt: She, she works. She actually works for nursing home, and she's been in the medical fit you know
Chris Padrutt: I say the medical
And
Chris Padrutt: Assistant, you know. She never went to school for
Chris Padrutt: Just a short schools. If you know the six month course and shit.
Chris Padrutt: But, uh,
Chris Padrutt: She'll be I she knows take care of herself. She's a hypochondriac, so I know she's washing her hands 400 times a day, and
Chris Padrutt: She'll be I
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean, yeah, that's that that's a bit much, because then you don't want to get sick, you're, you're going to get sick when you're doing that, you're going overboard with it.
Richelle Direny: I mean, that's good that you're not necessarily overly fearful or you're not, you know, overly stressed over
Chris Padrutt: Stuff, we should
Chris Padrutt: We should have restock Paolo or stuff after the last swine flu or whatever popped up you know
Chris Padrutt: The old days, I'm sure. Like, that's what this will happen.
Chris Padrutt: You know, ask that corporations. Hey, I know you don't build ventilators, but you want to try it, see if you can build some for us. I mean, it's some stupid shit. I mean, I'm glad to try to help, but there should be a government for spots, you know,
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah, no, I definitely, I definitely hear that and I, I have to say that I agree with you know
Chris Padrutt: Employ the unemployed people, you know, put them in factories, build a chip. I mean,
Chris Padrutt: Americans ago that
Richelle Direny: There you go. There you go. I definitely, I definitely agree with that. Um, so it really truly sounds like you're kind of on that path.
Richelle Direny: No real stressors, nothing like that you're
Richelle Direny: You know, kind of maintaining now you do go to group what once we still come to group once a week, or did not
Richelle Direny: Okay. She won't lose you to every other week.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, she's got me on a month on the refill. But coming every other week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. I think she did say that she's not necessarily
Richelle Direny: The monthly she just feels like to stay connected. I believe she said you know she really prefers like the every other week. And you know, I think that I think overall, we can meet
Chris Padrutt: Know whether it's once a
Richelle Direny: Month for, you know, maybe once every other month we can just check into just kind of see how everything is going, you know what, let me say once a month, because I think Dr. Jason really truly likes just the just getting that extra support.
Richelle Direny: You know, especially when you're on.
Richelle Direny: Especially when you're on the Suboxone treatment.
Richelle Direny: You want you the
Chris Padrutt: Thing my thing was
Chris Padrutt: I was I was using
Chris Padrutt: For the pain, trying to get in through work. And since I had this box. And I don't know.
Chris Padrutt: That that takes care of
Chris Padrutt: The three the day pain the Le
Chris Padrutt: Pain. That is really a problem now is it's not every night. It's usually after
Chris Padrutt: Some lifting or overhead. You know my hand, you know, work on my hands above my head, things like that.
Chris Padrutt: It'll wake me up, it's not
Chris Padrutt: Just about put me in tears, is that it gets that bad.
Chris Padrutt: And it's weird because I can stand up and it'll go away.
Chris Padrutt: Well, totally go away, it'll just go away. But as soon as I laid back down.
Chris Padrutt: I tried to slave and setting up
Chris Padrutt: Another marks.
Chris Padrutt: Just keep telling me keep going to the
Chris Padrutt: Physical therapy. Okay, that makes. That's what makes her
Chris Padrutt: The over the head stuff.
Chris Padrutt: I get. I get that I need to move it, but
Richelle Direny: I mean, listen, I you know I know some people are not the biggest fan of physical therapy.
Richelle Direny: Because they're like, it puts you in more pain than you know you came in with by well
Chris Padrutt: Not really that I just do so much other shit anyway you know like working on colors cleaning the house.
Chris Padrutt: I do more movement that most people, David awake.
Chris Padrutt: You know, just being kind of OCD trying to clean up our house and straight in the garage and make sure all the colors are running like they're supposed to and
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Chris Padrutt: I just had to fix her we've been using her mother's color to do the orders and because it gets 30 miles to the gallon.
Chris Padrutt: But I noticed the other day, we got out and there's a
Chris Padrutt: gas pedal on the ground, about the size of dinner play so I had to replace a couple
Chris Padrutt: Feel lines right before the meeting yesterday, the other day.
Richelle Direny: So,
See
You can
Look at my schedule here.
Richelle Direny: Instacart. You're, you're out for the most part during the day. Right.
Chris Padrutt: There like I was small and I
Chris Padrutt: Rest off the car about eight, eight o'clock this morning at the color was I should start about 813
Chris Padrutt: Come in about
Chris Padrutt: Quarter.
Richelle Direny: You you do groups on Thursdays. Right.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, not on Thursdays. On Tuesday, teachers, yeah. So I'm gonna put you on the calendar for
Richelle Direny: Three screens in front of me and I'm not sure which one
Richelle Direny: For
Richelle Direny: The 23rd at five o'clock. Is that fine.
Chris Padrutt: 23rd at five o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so we can just check in and then can be with
Us.
Richelle Direny: So thank you again so much, Chris, I mean like I said you seems like everything is going well, you know, we just have that extra support. We could just check in.
Richelle Direny: You know wants someone just kind of see how everything is going and I'm so proud of you, like the decrease smoking because you are going it
Richelle Direny: So I know you're in a good place.
Richelle Direny: So all right, then I will check in. I'll see you on Tuesday at it.
Richelle Direny: Hey Brittany.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Brittany Mount: Hello. Hi. I thought she told me seven or eight, she asked me seven or eight. And yeah, can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Yes. So, Brittany, our appointment.
Brittany Mount: Can you hear me.
Brittany Mount: I can see you.
Our
Brittany Mount: I just tried to like check in.
Brittany Mount: I don't know what
Brittany Mount: I have full service. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Brittany Mount: I can hear you. Let me turn my video and see if maybe that helps
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Brittany Mount: I like your pictures frozen.
Richelle Direny: So listen, our appointment Brittany was yesterday.
That's, yeah.
Brittany Mount: I didn't
Brittany Mount: We're, we're on this like stay at a shelter in place so
Richelle Direny: You're, you're breaking a rule.
Brittany Mount: That my house tonight and have
Brittany Mount: Services there and my boyfriend.
Brittany Mount: I don't know why.
Yeah, your
Brittany Mount: Mom, mom because she's got like a booster thing and full service hear
Brittany Mount: Me, try to make
Brittany Mount: It better now.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, a little bit better. Okay.
Brittany Mount: Sorry, I'm I've got Yeah, who
Brittany Mount: Don't know what is going on.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Know what I was saying to you is that, yeah, our session was yesterday.
Richelle Direny: And I sent you a message, the day before to confirm it with you.
Brittany Mount: Well, I thought it was gonna be able to do it. And then my web front end up having to work over, he got mandated work over, they don't even like four or five o'clock shadow. Find a ride. They don't get self interest in my house at all now and I'm trying to find it.
Brittany Mount: Together more I can do it and just never did. I couldn't get a ride.
Brittany Mount: So I called in like 637 o'clock.
Brittany Mount: And told them, like what was going on.
Brittany Mount: Have
Richelle Direny: You should have
Brittany Mount: Internet to do the meeting. And then they said there was going to reschedule me
Brittany Mount: You should have
Brittany Mount: You should have sent me if
Brittany Mount: I didn't. I don't think I got your message. I don't remember seeing that
Brittany Mount: I haven't. I'm that little same vein, I never got it.
No, no.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I couldn't. Every time I tried to send it, it wouldn't allow me to send it
Brittany Mount: To look and see
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I didn't know that was like something on my end to where
It wouldn't let me
Richelle Direny: Now, maybe if you try and moving because you're breaking up very badly.
Brittany Mount: Like really bad still
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Because your, your, your screen is frozen like you're still
Brittany Mount: That better
Richelle Direny: I could hear you.
Brittany Mount: I don't understand it a full service.
Richelle Direny: No, that's fine. I so I did send you a message on so if you said you didn't get it. But this little blurb that I was going to send you a fruit, it wouldn't it wouldn't allow me to send it
Brittany Mount: It wouldn't allow that.
Richelle Direny: Because of the the forum in where I was getting it wouldn't allow me to send it to you.
Okay.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, like waiting on it and I never even get it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it wasn't allowing me to send it
Richelle Direny: All right.
Brittany Mount: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: But how is everything.
Richelle Direny: Ever since we fit in terms of you getting your medication read
Richelle Direny: I know Dr.
Everything.
Brittany Mount: Everything's fine. I
Brittany Mount: Want to leave and they like so.
Brittany Mount: I'm and everything's fine. I can make it online me
Brittany Mount: In her
Brittany Mount: My sponsor and everything.
Richelle Direny: Did you go to group on Tuesday.
Brittany Mount: Outside
Brittany Mount: Listening groups.
Brittany Mount: Everything then go on like, pretty good. I'm
Brittany Mount: In house.
Richelle Direny: Oh, yeah.
Brittany Mount: Your reception.
Brittany Mount: Fiber optics.
Brittany Mount: Can you hear me now me
Richelle Direny: Yeah, let's see. Let's see if that works.
Brittany Mount: I just walked back outside too soon as I walked in and started boot me off. I
Brittany Mount: Was
Brittany Mount: Kept this
Brittany Mount: Back into the
Brittany Mount: Don't know why it's doing this at all.
Brittany Mount: You say you're at your parents. You're saying
Brittany Mount: Yeah, and I've got full service like they have
Brittany Mount: A booster and I get full service here and I don't understand, like, I've done my meetings here before.
Richelle Direny: Not how is everything. So you're just there.
Richelle Direny: Just for the day or
What's yeah
Brittany Mount: I came over here to do my meeting and help my daughter with their homework and sleeps killer to see my parents.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, now. So tell me what has been different in terms of after we have met the last time.
Richelle Direny: I know that your medication had gotten stolen by your daughter's father and
Richelle Direny: It kind of have caused a little bit of rift between you and your boyfriend, because he was at your house.
Brittany Mount: Yet he hasn't been back around and we everything. I mean, things have been one pretty smooth like he can understand like it wasn't really my it was my fault because I let him go, but
Brittany Mount: Like, I don't know. We're getting along now like everything's fine there and everything's pretty much back to the normal
Brittany Mount: I just me and maybe that don't speech or I haven't talked to him.
Brittany Mount: Yet, I'll call your kid or nothing. So he's out there.
Richelle Direny: Now one of the things that we talked about during that little session, we had was that, um,
Richelle Direny: Because you and you would went out to go you know purchase it, you know, outside or what have you. Because of the fact that you had just gotten the film had gotten stolen. And so we had talked about kind of the sequence of events that led up to it and I kind of, you know, asked
Richelle Direny: If your goal is to eventually taper off of it. What is different now in terms of the time that you've been sober. What is different. What was different. Now, in conjunction
Richelle Direny: Like how is it different in terms of how you sought after getting the medication in comparison to your time in active addiction and you said, Well, you know, you were able to kind of correlate the two. So, you know, did you have time to process that to me.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I'm
Brittany Mount: I mean, I'm like back to like my normal like schedule eight like my out, you know, running the streets are none of that like everything's pretty much back to normal.
Brittany Mount: I don't know the whole
Brittany Mount: I don't even know like
Brittany Mount: Everything's just going to
Brittany Mount: Say like
Richelle Direny: It's not to say that you're running the streets. I'm just talking about in terms of you taking an introspective look about you know
Your
Richelle Direny: And kind of what was, what was the thoughts and the feelings surrounding you being a difficult situation and being able to pull yourself out of it.
Brittany Mount: My anxieties definitely back down. Like, I'm not stressing and I'm
Brittany Mount: Like freaking out, you know, I mean, all that stuff like
Brittany Mount: It was bad, like that will two weeks was rough and I did not like it at all. But like, Yeah, I know.
Brittany Mount: I want to, like, I want to be off the I want to get off Suboxone like
Brittany Mount: Probably within a year.
Brittany Mount: Yeah. So yeah.
Richelle Direny: But, but
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of were you diagnosed with anxiety disorder.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I got it and depression.
Brittany Mount: Do you take medication for the
Brittany Mount: Writing. Now, I used to like when I went to prison. I see a psychologist and their stuff and they like prescribed me stuff. And whenever I came home, I went, seeing the doctor, a few times but like I stopped taking it all and
Brittany Mount: I haven't took it for a while, really. I don't know what they was given me in prison health when I came home, I didn't want to give me what they give me their first. I don't know. Do you want to put me on um
Brittany Mount: I forget the name of it.
Brittany Mount: I was on it until about
Brittany Mount: Last summer, probably, it's probably been almost a year since I've been on it and I'm really haven't had a whole lot of like
Brittany Mount: I haven't had like many bad panic attacks or anxiety or anything.
Brittany Mount: Until like the last like few months, like I've noticed a lot like here recently, last couple months that like it's picking back up again that for a while. Like I was fine, like I'm doing good. And didn't really need it or didn't think I needed it. But now it's like kicking back in
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: OK, so maybe what we need to start doing is that each time we meet, we kind of started talking about like certain
Richelle Direny: You know, kind of going over the
Richelle Direny: Your sequence of events of the days or of the week, kind of like talk about and, you know, any kind of anxiety provoking events and how you were able to
Richelle Direny: You know, what was the source of the anxiety and how
Richelle Direny: Were you emotionally and mentally able to get through it. What was some thoughts going on through your mind. So because, I mean, until you do that to successfully say that you want to come off of medication is going to be hard because your, your, your active way of coping with it is through
Richelle Direny: You know, the, the, the Suboxone for right now.
Brittany Mount: Right. Yeah. And I don't know, like I've been fine like all day and then I came to my parents house.
Brittany Mount: And I don't know, like not soon as I got here. I had a panic. Like if I had
Brittany Mount: Been different here lately. You said
Richelle Direny: You said you went over to your parents house and what happened.
Brittany Mount: Like I just like had a panic attack soon as I got here, like I couldn't breathe in and out of his being here, or what
Richelle Direny: What's, what's what's specific about being at your parents house.
Brittany Mount: Just deal with my mom and
Brittany Mount: Her issues.
Richelle Direny: She there now.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, she's inside. She's cooking dinner.
Richelle Direny: Well hey you know what
You're going to get some dinner.
Brittany Mount: Awesome. Yeah, down. I don't know. It just like
Brittany Mount: Took over me for a minute. Like I wouldn't your five minutes like I didn't usually talk to her. And I was like, What is wrong with you and I don't know.
Richelle Direny: What down
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: How long does it look like I couldn't breathe and all this. I'm like, Oh my gosh, what is going on, I'm Dan
Richelle Direny: And then you, you enter somewhat of a confrontational relationship where you guys get confrontational.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, cuz she stays on the schema and LIKE SHE JUST ONCE YOU TALK TO YOU, she when she talks to me. She's always just got like this attitude like
Brittany Mount: I run her wife and I did all you know i mean she can't she won't let the past go at all and just started up in your face 24 seven yeah I don't come over here much, but when I do
Brittany Mount: We don't stay long. A couple hours tops.
That's
Richelle Direny: Someone who
Brittany Mount: I mean, yeah. Well, usually it's like I see here that long LeBron like other people here to it kind of keeps the distraction away from me and her
Brittany Mount: He brings his kids over like on Sundays to see one long some, like, not every weekend but here every other weekend will say something like that.
Brittany Mount: And that's usually when I come over when everybody else is here. So the distractions. It's not between me and her, you know, I mean, there's other people and it keeps the competition between me and her down just she just i don't know i i guess i run her whole life.
Brittany Mount: For the last 10 years or 17 years or however
Richelle Direny: I mean, and I'm sure that that's years of, you know, different things in terms of the relationship that you have with her that's years of that. And so I'm gonna take a while for you to be able to work through it and
Brittany Mount: understanding and knowing that
Richelle Direny: You know you have control of what
Richelle Direny: You say,
Richelle Direny: Or
Brittany Mount: You know,
Richelle Direny: When to walk away when to say when to say something and when not to say something and
Richelle Direny: Being able to good be a good assessor of your the fireman in the situation and knowing when it's not going to the interaction is going to go in a way that's going to give you increased anxiety.
Brittany Mount: Right. Yeah. Well, when I first like dot clean and what's going on over here, different stuff like I it was bad, but I kind of learned. Yeah, I had to learn to walk away from or just get away from or just go outside, do something, anything to take the tension now between us.
Brittany Mount: If I have to leave or whatever. But I mean it's gotten easier. Over time, but there's still days that
Brittany Mount: Still not good.
Richelle Direny: You said you're still there. So days when it's still not good.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: When she's super drunk and I come over and not knowing that she's like, I'll usually call before I come, and I can tell her voice like how drunk. She is. But sometimes I underestimated and come over, anyway.
Brittany Mount: She's gone to the land and soon as I walked through the door. It's
Brittany Mount: Starts just anything
Brittany Mount: How her day was so hard and she's gonna come home and do take out my grandma's
Brittany Mount: With she's got a lot on our actual
Brittany Mount: But my dad put extra my mother and she's got a lot on her shoulder stuff but
Brittany Mount: I try to help as much as I can. But whenever I come over and y'all should want to do is dog me and say, you know, I mean, just, I cannot. Why, hello. Why, why to come over and help her, and I'm just being treated like crap. Hold on, I'm here. So,
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, you know, and like I said, you know, when it comes out to your parents. It's a little harder.
Brittany Mount: Because you have a little bit more
Richelle Direny: Compassion for them, you know, yes you are frustrated
Richelle Direny: Yes, you do. They get you're
Brittany Mount: Really angry.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Simply because of the role that they play in our lives.
Brittany Mount: And right one.
Richelle Direny: And I know the importance of, you know, still wanting to stay connected with your dad and the relationship that your daughter has with them.
Brittany Mount: Right, maybe
Richelle Direny: So you know what
Richelle Direny: It's all about
Brittany Mount: It took me back to the screen. Hold on.
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up. I know, since you moved you started
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but you, you start to hear me.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you now. When you move
Brittany Mount: Back in the same spot.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I had to walk in the door.
Brittany Mount: I had to walk inside real class to grab the charger and I was trying to plug it up and
Brittany Mount: There's a port outside right here so sharp look it up and it's like face. I don't know the opposite direction.
Brittany Mount: I had the code base that way. So it cut out for a minute.
Richelle Direny: No, that's fine. You're okay. So, yeah. So I think we have a little bit more compassion and, you know, we're a little bit more tolerant of certain things because of the fact
Brittany Mount: Of the role that they play in
Brittany Mount: Our lives.
Like
Richelle Direny: You're more tolerant of your parents and, you know, the things that they do, then you would be of your siblings, because of the rule.
Brittany Mount: Or the significance that they have
Brittany Mount: You're a lot more. I know I put her through hell like and I you know I mean like I i feel bad for a while. So if I have done so I tried to, like, come over and do as much as I can for and help her out and
Brittany Mount: It's just some days. Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: Sometimes, where it's a little bit more difficult than others.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Brittany Mount: Are you going to children place to where you're at.
Richelle Direny: How
Brittany Mount: Are you like you guys like in a shelter in place or anything like that home order.
Richelle Direny: Not quite. I mean, they asked that because this is this is not my I have another job.
Richelle Direny: So,
Brittany Mount: What I do they consider me
Richelle Direny: So I still
Richelle Direny: I go, but my
Richelle Direny: But my children, their, their home.
Brittany Mount: Right.
Brittany Mount: So,
Richelle Direny: I don't
Richelle Direny: I don't have to. I'm not shutting that were, you were you there all day today. Your parents house.
Brittany Mount: No, no, we came over here after my boyfriend at all for about four or five o'clock.
Brittany Mount: To come
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I needed internet service to do my account and then they asked me if I could see you tonight. I told him. Yeah. What did I miss last night and because she was gonna set me out for like April 29 or saw and I told her, like if there was anything before that, let me know.
Brittany Mount: And then she called me back and said that I could that you had something you wanted to see me tonight. So it's already. Yeah, that'd be good.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Because you know on it's
Brittany Mount: Already been like three weeks, as I say, anyways.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, my schedule is getting booked up on now into the third week looking for the third week of April, so
Brittany Mount: Yeah, that's what she said.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, um, but I've been making adjustments as people change or whatever the situation is
Brittany Mount: Right, making
Brittany Mount: Yeah, it's been a little hectic with that stuff going on like my boyfriend who works at a power plant, and they tried to mandate them to get like
Brittany Mount: I don't know, firstly was going to make them stay at the plant like daddy campers or whatever. Stay there. And then they change that and told him that I would just go home will call you when it's all this is over.
Brittany Mount: Well, then they call this morning and trying to pack, his bags, he was going to Chicago, and he's like, I can't go to Chicago, like I got, I just didn't want to go because all this going on and all that and
Brittany Mount: I said yes has been hectic with his work and then my dad. He owns business and I've been trying to help with that, you know, I come over and help him with his billing and
Brittany Mount: Different stuff with that. But he shut down right now. My mom, she works at the hospital so everything's been kind of crazy trying to help with my grandmother and making sure everybody's straight and not getting sick and trying to stay away from everybody as much as possible, but
Brittany Mount: Parents house live in cabinet come here more often than I normally do.
Brittany Mount: I mean, here we got polar
Brittany Mount: What are you going
Richelle Direny: For your own self care.
Brittany Mount: Well, they are still having our na na meetings, they're still doing her in a meetings. We're just doing it outside and like staying six feet apart and all that, like, we still are doing our groups. I don't know if we're supposed to be, but we are and
Brittany Mount: Then doing that and just like journaling or just taking a walk or like a man walking down the store every day just to like, get some fresh air, you know, house.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay that's good now.
Richelle Direny: Let's go to me taking walks up, there's not a whole lot of people on the road, walking, because for the most part, everybody is shut in right
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah. Yep.
Brittany Mount: Okay. I mean, you will. What will have to go out and like people's love to go out and like walk their dog or
Brittany Mount: You know, I mean, there were a lot of out but it's like it's not a, like a mandatory. You have to stay in shelter, but they're asking us basically like if you do have stay in. If you don't have to go out like that needs to be essential, and
Brittany Mount: There's no mean if you have to go out, try to stay six feet apart from everybody and all that stuff.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brittany Mount: My mom, she works at the hospital. So like when she comes in, she strips down
Brittany Mount: Before she walks in, like walks in the door and likely cut like she has stuff out like our bet my dad's back porch closed in, and
Brittany Mount: She has like to put everything she needs for after work out there before she goes and then like, you know, I mean,
Brittany Mount: yourself up.
Brittany Mount: Comes in and takes like straight to the shower.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, she would like to work in right there with us.
Brittany Mount: If we only had one case that are like positive case come up in our town or county and like we live out in the country. So it's going to probably be later before it hits the like World boards that
Brittany Mount: hasn't hit us yet, but they've had a lot of people coming in like test and like to see if they have it or whatever, like possibility cases or whatever, but there's only been one confirmed case.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Well that's, I mean, that's good.
Brittany Mount: It's good. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Areas, but it's not a whole lot of cases, then, you know, that's good.
Brittany Mount: For people are I mean little listen for the most part.
Brittany Mount: Trying to, you know, stay away from everybody gets the inside so hopefully this all just flows over
Brittany Mount: What is it
Richelle Direny: Your daughter is being homeschooled.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, they're out I think
Brittany Mount: They said the last week of April. Now, so they probably aren't going to go back to school.
Richelle Direny: You said the last week of April, May move it.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: That's what I heard today, I don't. I haven't heard anything from the school yet, but somebody told me that they moved it out till April, like the last week of April, I guess for Ohio, unless you're genuine
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, might as well just
Richelle Direny: Stay working
Brittany Mount: The rest of the yeah yeah cuz we don't want to have like two, three weeks of school if they do go back, might as well just do it at home.
Richelle Direny: So how was your daughter on adjusting to
Brittany Mount: She wants to play alive.
Brittany Mount: She bucking a lot that I mean she does it. But you just got to get her in the mood and just take it slow. Don't push her too much like I told us talking to her teacher calls once a week and checks loner and
Brittany Mount: They like call it like they they're sending food home to the kids if they needed and like the schools are really helping out a lot around here for the kids like there if you need something you can text them or call them and they'll like guide you through it help you
Brittany Mount: Some stuff, but I'm like, I can't, I don't even know if he's only in fourth grade. I don't know what order.
Richelle Direny: Let me look to see when I can schedule you for next month. Right.
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Let's do
Richelle Direny: I might review it in our, in our group when we meet in group when we see each other. And no, I don't see you in group because you're going to mornings. Right.
Brittany Mount: Yeah I would be at 130 on Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So then let's do Wednesday at six o'clock.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: April 15th.
Brittany Mount: April.
Richelle Direny: 15 at six.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brittany Mount: That works for me.
Richelle Direny: Alright, well, stay safe. Keep proper hygiene. Okay.
Brittany Mount: Oh I we are
You
Richelle Direny: And hopefully everything will be almost close to normality by then.
Right.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I'm praying
Richelle Direny: Next, yes, yes, we all need to. All right, then I have another person coming in for a session. Okay.
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Brittany Mount: All right. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Richelle Direny: Hey, Josh.
Richelle Direny: I'm good. I'm guessing you're seeing something real nice outside
Joshua Polkow: No, I was talking to a buddy, I'm at the grocery store.
Joshua Polkow: Or all under quarantine so
Richelle Direny: How are you at the grocery store.
Joshua Polkow: Now, it's not really quarantine. They're just we're under like government, the governor said nine essential travel is prohibited.
Joshua Polkow: And grocery stores are okay.
Richelle Direny: That's essential and I
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, that's essential and I still have my job because apparently one time we made a part for an ambulance or something. So we're we're exempt.
Joshua Polkow: When you empty, empty.
Joshua Polkow: Phone call I lost you for a second. What did you say
Richelle Direny: I said you you're a paramedic.
Joshua Polkow: Volume
Joshua Polkow: One more time, please.
Richelle Direny: I think when you get a call it kicks.
Richelle Direny: Off your volume.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, it did. I'm back. I'm back on track. Now,
Richelle Direny: No, I said, you said that you, you still work. So you're a
Richelle Direny: paramedic.
Joshua Polkow: No, I'm not. I work in a factory.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Joshua Polkow: Remote automotive parts and apparently at one time. I don't know if we still do, but at one time we made parts for some emergency
Richelle Direny: Just let you know I'm looking at
Joshua Polkow: You got us they gave us
Joshua Polkow: But
Richelle Direny: I'm looking at you upside down.
Joshua Polkow: Is that, now I'm looking up not there it goes.
Joshua Polkow: Oh my gosh, I'm still upside down.
Joshua Polkow: As soon as it flips you over it flips meal.
Joshua Polkow: Let's try like this.
Richelle Direny: So you said that you you work.
Richelle Direny: The kind of work you do you make what what is your company make
Joshua Polkow: We make automotive parts I work in a forge so we forge parts big heavy duty steel parts for cars like tie rods or
Joshua Polkow: I don't know, different kinds of things like that.
Joshua Polkow: But they thought they were gonna have to shut us down, and then they got an exemption, because we made
Joshua Polkow: Some part for an emergency vehicle.
Joshua Polkow: A Chrysler.
Joshua Polkow: emergency vehicle.
Richelle Direny: What kind of
Joshua Polkow: low bar is what our memo said
Joshua Polkow: But I don't know if that's something that we make on a regular basis or if because the quality people my fiance works there too. And she asked the quality people if they knew what parts. Those were
Joshua Polkow: And none of the quality people knew anything about it. They couldn't tell what parts. It was so I don't know if we even really make those things.
Joshua Polkow: I mean, I'm sure we probably did it one time, but there's been a lot of like small orders stuff that we've had, you know, over the years that we don't really make, but we have made. So it was probably something like that where we just had to make a run of like 1000 parts one time.
Joshua Polkow: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: What
Richelle Direny: Your
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, I'm very good.
Joshua Polkow: We were not prepared for any of this, and with my probation and everything.
Joshua Polkow: Pretty much a month in advance.
Joshua Polkow: All the time.
Joshua Polkow: So probation with a
Joshua Polkow: I don't know. I wouldn't have been in good shape. If I really would have got laid off.
Joshua Polkow: Well, my tether. For one, I have to pay $70 a week to have my alcohol monitor on and even if I were to get unemployment, I wouldn't get that for you know a couple weeks anyway.
Joshua Polkow: So I
Richelle Direny: Worked out
Joshua Polkow: I, I imagine. So they took it out of my paycheck today so
Joshua Polkow: I don't think there's
Joshua Polkow: I don't think you're waiving the fees for that sort of thing.
Richelle Direny: I mean,
Joshua Polkow: I could be wrong. Maybe if I was really awkward if they would have, you know,
Joshua Polkow: Kind of
Richelle Direny: Proof of it that you're not working, but
Richelle Direny: One thing that I did suggest to someone else.
Joshua Polkow: Is looking into
Joshua Polkow: Know,
Richelle Direny: In light of everything that's going on and working
Joshua Polkow: So uncertain is
Richelle Direny: That you can do, whether it's a lower the, the amount that you're paying
Joshua Polkow: Or what is it that
Can be done.
So,
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, they might have
Joshua Polkow: All my other work with me on that.
Joshua Polkow: I don't know. I've wasted a trip to Adrian today, which is like 30 miles from where I live, because I'm supposed to go and have my other downloaded once a week, and they're all closed.
Joshua Polkow: But I asked the guy last week when I was there, if he was going to be closing down or if he was going to stay open. And he said, no, he'll stay open.
Joshua Polkow: But now, everything's
Joshua Polkow: Everything's closed down.
Joshua Polkow: Everything is our jobs.
Joshua Polkow: There was a little disappointing.
Joshua Polkow: But I mean, I'm happy that we're not shut down because it would have put us in a financial pickle. What it would have been nice to have Capri software to
Joshua Polkow: Like
Richelle Direny: It, you know, it's like there's so much there's it will be nice to get a couple weeks off of work with pay with day
Joshua Polkow: Yes.
Richelle Direny: You got to say that part with thing.
Richelle Direny: Now the soul, Josh. Listen, I haven't seen you in group. I've seen you once in group.
Joshua Polkow: Price. I just missed the last one on the first of this month because the first was like the first Tuesday was like the third or something.
Joshua Polkow: And I just forgot all about it because it was early in the month and then I was, I was going to try and catch up with you. The next week. But they said that you you don't do it every week like like God did.
Richelle Direny: I was sitting in that my my lonesome.
Joshua Polkow: Really the second Tuesday.
Joshua Polkow: What the heck yeah the guys that in the main office administration or whatever admissions, whatever. I told him I missed the first one, and I was just going to make up for the next week. And they said, Oh, no, you'll have to wait until the last Thursday or the whatever today is
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Wow. Well, thank you for letting me know that because I'm going to address somebody about how I sat for two, three or two different weeks that I sat by myself for 30 minutes waiting for someone to show up.
Really
Joshua Polkow: Well, yeah, that's a bummer. I wish I would have known that.
Richelle Direny: Now the what I am going to say
Joshua Polkow: Because I'm having an issue with people coming Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: I guess Dr farago can do the evenings. So I'm wondering if
Joshua Polkow: He could schedule.
Richelle Direny: On Mondays. When you guys meet with him anyway.
Joshua Polkow: That's not gonna work. I'm at work that I'm at work at that time. Everybody that works.
Richelle Direny: So the 630 time works better.
Joshua Polkow: Well for me and probably URL. I don't know if URL is going to be able to take an hour off during lunch you okay
Richelle Direny: Well, I know he just comes once a month, but I, and I know that there were a lot of people just come once a month. And again, I know that I took over from God and it was it was
Richelle Direny: Different in majority of everyone, you know, they're kind of on a different schedule majority seems to do the once a month. Um, but, you know, I, I am running the group's monthly. I mean, our monthly, weekly at 630 and it is, you know, I get a flood of people on the first
Joshua Polkow: Tuesday and
Richelle Direny: Then one or two people in between. And then there's some weeks that no one shows up. So if that
Richelle Direny: Everybody is being told that I don't have group every week that I need to address that because I do have to every single week.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, that i mean i don't know if they specifically said that you don't do it every week, but I said that I was just going to catch up with you next week.
Joshua Polkow: Because my scheduled week is the first Tuesday and I missed it. I just forgot all about it that week and I was going to do it. The following week
Joshua Polkow: Because I had called him to do my drug test or something and I'm they said that. Yeah, they're gonna have to, I'm going to have to wait until today.
Joshua Polkow: And it's going to be at seven instead of six 630 and so I was under the impression that you didn't do it every week. I wonder if that's what everybody's been told.
Richelle Direny: I'm wondering, wondering because like I said there were two weeks in a row that not be the second this Tuesday and
Richelle Direny: This time Tuesday. No one showed up.
Joshua Polkow: No one showed up.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: And I know like I sent a list to kind of speak to Dr farago to, you know, just as but I'm gonna from an administrative standpoint, I'm just going to try to follow to
Richelle Direny: Follow up to see what's going on, why someone would have thought. But yes, I know, I know that God I think for groups. I'm on Mondays, or whatever day she does group. It's a little bit different. So I don't know if they were mixing that up with
Joshua Polkow: Yeah. Maybe she she she used to do it like Mondays. I think Mondays at
Joshua Polkow: 530 and then she also did a an afternoon, one for people that you know work different shifts or whatever but
Joshua Polkow: Yeah.
Joshua Polkow: I don't recall what what that day was or what time that was
Richelle Direny: Well done, yes.
Richelle Direny: Um, so next so Tuesday. So yes, you know, you can catch up for your next schedule group. Now I did have you scheduled actually
Richelle Direny: They had you on my calendar as for a medication follow up. So what I had can visit because I'm like, to the medication and follow up. Now, that was your intention was to for a medication.
Joshua Polkow: No, I know.
Joshua Polkow: But maybe they because I missed my first one. And so I know if you miss counseling, you know enough times, they won't give you your prescription
Richelle Direny: Were you meeting with me when you did meet with her.
Joshua Polkow: Just once a month.
Joshua Polkow: I was on
Joshua Polkow: I was on once a week for a lot of new know like the first six or eight months I was in the program. But at that time I was on Medicaid and everything was covered by my Medicaid insurance.
Joshua Polkow: And then I switched over to Blue Cross Blue Shield, which is supposed to be like the best freakin insurance in Michigan, and now I've got a $20 copay for all my stuff on here and a $30 copay for all my prescriptions.
Joshua Polkow: Even I was paying a $30 copay for eight or seven, eight, a week, and now I'm paying a $30 copay for 14 tues a week, so it doesn't even make a difference. Like how many milligrams. I'm on it. It's just a $30 copay no matter what.
Joshua Polkow: Which is. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Well yeah, I do see you have a $20 copay doctor and a $20 copay for therapy. So what I guess, go back on.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, we think, right.
Joshua Polkow: That's crazy. I can't
Joshua Polkow: Hear
Richelle Direny: You started freezing sun.
Richelle Direny: I guess you drove through a bad patch.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah. Second, did you hear any of my story.
Richelle Direny: No, you said you said that, um, what was the last thing that you were saying.
Joshua Polkow: My insurance got screwed up. I had my job for a couple months and then my mom passed away and I quit my job. So my insurance got canceled and I went back on to Medicaid
Joshua Polkow: And then I was on Medicaid for like a year.
Joshua Polkow: And got my job back that same place. I was at before and went back on to Blue Cross Blue Shield well for that whole year. They were charging me billing me as a cash patient
Joshua Polkow: Because my insurance from the job had lapsed, and they'd never updated hopefully back on my Medicaid thing and never told me about it never was like hey you're
Joshua Polkow: You know, you're getting the bill. We're billing you you're up to, you know, $100 $200 so fine yeah after a year they sent me a 1600 dollar bill.
Joshua Polkow: And I was like, whoa, what you know what the heck I talked to Darby
Joshua Polkow: I talked to Darby, I said I was on Medicaid, he
Joshua Polkow: Has any problems to let me know because I picked my plan I Medicaid plan specifically for this program because Molina covered everything for this program and he never let me know never seen any cloud, all of a sudden they sent me a sick.
Joshua Polkow: In my email.
Joshua Polkow: And I finally got it all straightened out but it took months and then
Joshua Polkow: You need they were billing me for counseling every week and saying that, you know, you owe us $40 a week and I was like, No, I don't know $20 when they see a doctor and $20 when I do my counseling.
Joshua Polkow: There I was seeing the doctor every week.
Joshua Polkow: Or but I was still only doing counseling once a month in
Joshua Polkow: Oh man, it was just a bunch of nonsense. I got it all straightened out and now I don't even a through bright heart I pay on that Curio patient portal.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: You ended up paying to 1600 dollars.
Joshua Polkow: No, I got that all wiped out because they they contacted my Medicaid and found out that I was covered and I had all the emails and stuff. When I told Darby that you know I am covered if there's any problems, let me know.
Joshua Polkow: And so I was able to prove that you know that was a mistake on their end
Joshua Polkow: And then I had to fight with them about all those co pays. They said I owed for counseling every week when I wasn't doing counseling every
Joshua Polkow: Lead and then they charge my card my credit card one time without me checking in.
Joshua Polkow: I didn't check in for a doctor. I checked in for a doctor's visit, but I didn't check in for counseling because I
Joshua Polkow: Have counseling and they charged my card and it ended up overdraft in my account. And so I just told them, take all my cards on file. I'll just deal with it through that patient portal thing.
Joshua Polkow: That's it. So I don't. They don't have any of my card information now because they're just, I don't know if it's probably just because everybody's in a different state everybody's, you know, it's everything so spread out that it's hard to keep things straight but
Joshua Polkow: It was a nightmare for a long time.
I'm happy that you
Richelle Direny: My I do agree, sometimes report on something because they have that automatic withdrawal and then next, you know, they started
Richelle Direny: System error and then are
Richelle Direny: Coming out of your account.
Joshua Polkow: Home immediately. I've got like a mobile banking app. So I was able to see that it happened right away and
Joshua Polkow: I contacted them. And I was like, Hey, you guys charge me. I did not authorize that charge. I did not have group today. I need a refund like right now because
Joshua Polkow: If this, you know, pending transaction goes through. I'm going to get charged $35 and then $5 a day, every day after that and they never did. Or they finally called me back like two days later and was like, oh, we can read week and refund your money.
Joshua Polkow: But by then, it was you know it was you know I already got charged overdraft fee so it didn't really matter then now it's just like just forget it. Just put it towards my next visit and take all my cards off the file.
Joshua Polkow: I don't know. I never did get the overdraft fee paid for but
Joshua Polkow: Because you can't get ahold of billing nobody I can't contact billing, I can send them an email, but they don't ever respond, unless I owe money.
Joshua Polkow: By all money, they don't email me twice a week. But if I have a complaint or something I don't hear from them at all. I'm trying to call I've tried to know go through admissions or whatever and
Joshua Polkow: They're just like, Oh, you just got an email Krista at such and such like. Yeah, that's what I did. Five times now.
Richelle Direny: They enter their messages for for for you or your own thing. But anything else.
Joshua Polkow: Pretty much.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm looking at your notes from the last time you met with
God
Richelle Direny: Well, you said that you mean, even in light of everything going on right now. Do you still go to local support groups.
Joshua Polkow: Cancelled. I just tried to go tonight. Just, just before I got on with you and
Joshua Polkow: We
Joshua Polkow: Are here.
Joshua Polkow: So,
Joshua Polkow: Oh,
Richelle Direny: I mean, I could I could try to
Richelle Direny: Hear you through it's it's crackling
You
Richelle Direny: How'd I I know now, my understanding is a lot of these
Richelle Direny: April, everything is going online.
Joshua Polkow: Okay, I'm back. Can you hear me now. Yes. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Thank you. I know that a lot of
Richelle Direny: You go to
Joshua Polkow: Yes, three times a week.
Richelle Direny: Now, my understanding is that going online.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, that's what I was just told
Joshua Polkow: I ran into somebody at the grocery store, and that's what they said was to go online and then they have instructions or whatever to do it online.
Joshua Polkow: I haven't had a chance to do that. Yeah, but that's the plan.
Richelle Direny: And i think i think you know with with this whole thing of everything that's going on. I think that you're going to find a lot more people
Joshua Polkow: That way.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, it seems like
Joshua Polkow: It would be a lot more convenient for people, but I'm required by probation ago so I don't know how I'm gonna get my papers signed
Joshua Polkow: I have to have a, you know, an attendant blog signed by somebody at the meeting.
Richelle Direny: What I would
Joshua Polkow: Encourage you to do.
Joshua Polkow: This is what that's the only issue that I'm concerned.
Richelle Direny: Well, this is what I would encourage you to do because I had someone, and I was talking to someone
Richelle Direny: That I would encourage like you make a list and maybe tomorrow, calling your probation officer, because remember, you're doing what you're doing is being
Richelle Direny: Proactive you're saying, Listen, I know I'm on
Joshua Polkow: Probation I
Richelle Direny: Have my probation. I know everything that I have to do so, um, you know, in light of everything that's going on everybody, you know,
Richelle Direny: Pretty much self quarantining they're closing now.
Richelle Direny: Is it possible for
Richelle Direny: If you have a sponsor having your sponsor sign in.
Richelle Direny: Or
Joshua Polkow: If there's like a
Richelle Direny: timestamp or some creative way that you can prove that this is what you are doing three times a week that you are logging on
Richelle Direny: Or you can have if you if you log on, you can have someone said, like the group leader kind of send a little, you know, email to the probation officer saying to confirm that you aren't you weren't actually young. In fact, at the group or the meeting.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Josh
Joshua Polkow: Can you hear me. Yes, I can hear you know
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, I got the gist of what you're saying, I think. And there was a guy at a meeting that said
Joshua Polkow: Even if they do close down and they don't come up with like an online solution. I could just call him, you know, three times a week, we can just talk for an hour or whatever. And he would be willing to sign my paper.
Joshua Polkow: That way, at least.
Joshua Polkow: I have something to show them and he's like the treasurer. So he's like the only person in a that had to like forego their anonymity.
Joshua Polkow: Not. I mean, he had to have like a background check and a credit jack and all that stuff done to be the treasurer.
Joshua Polkow: So he said he has no problem doing that, but that was before, you know, they came up with the solution. So,
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Joshua Polkow: Now, such
Richelle Direny: It won't be. But I think just
Richelle Direny: Keeping the police officer in the loop just kind of talking to them and just like and granted I didn't. I've never dealt with adult probation. I've always dealt with on
Richelle Direny: Probation Officers with for us. And I think it's just keeping them in the loop letting them know
Richelle Direny: You know what it is that you're doing. And, you know, seeing if they would work with you and like what it is that you're doing.
Joshua Polkow: To me reading the terms.
Richelle Direny: Of your permission, what, um, how long are you on formation.
Joshua Polkow: Until June 20
Joshua Polkow: So only a couple more months I've been on it for almost two years.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Joshua Polkow: So I'm really
Richelle Direny: Okay. And it's and you're on it, you're, you're, you was just for alcohol.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, I got
Joshua Polkow: My first DUI. I got Judy you eyes when I was 18 like on fire. I got to do you eyes and then
Joshua Polkow: When my mom passed away. I started drinking again pretty heavily
Joshua Polkow: Take very good guy you I
Richelle Direny: When did your. How long will your mom passed away over two years ago.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, was October 28 of sanity.
Joshua Polkow: And then I got my DUI. On May 5 of 2018
Joshua Polkow: Oh,
Joshua Polkow: I didn't just get a DUI totaled my car.
Oh,
Joshua Polkow: Did you ever know I did.
Joshua Polkow: I mean, I
Joshua Polkow: Know I was seeing Jody at the time. And we did some individual sessions like because of that, but I never went to like a specific concert. And then I started seeing addiction like drug because of my probation. I started seeing a counselor about, you know, drugs and alcohol do
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um,
Joshua Polkow: So I kinda doubt lecture.
Joshua Polkow: Me.
Richelle Direny: Know what was the last thing that you said
Joshua Polkow: I said I never really went to a grief counselor, but I did.
Joshua Polkow: Talk about it like work through a little bit of the grief. I guess with I call counselors, because I've had like three councillors over the past couple years.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and how long, so you. How long have you been maintaining your sobriety for the two years since you've been on probation.
Joshua Polkow: No, I was in the program for like a year. I'm in my alcohol sobriety. Yeah, I got off of
Joshua Polkow: got off the off of opiates in like 2016 but I was just buying Suboxone on the street.
Joshua Polkow: And then I decided to join this program. When I found out about
Joshua Polkow: So what I was saying is, I've been in this program for, I think, a little over three years.
Joshua Polkow: And then I've been
Joshua Polkow: I quit drinking
Joshua Polkow: The Friday following the accident. I got into so it was May 11 of
Joshua Polkow: 18
Joshua Polkow: And I've been completely sober since then. Well, actually I smoked weed, a little bit after that.
Joshua Polkow: Until like July I think I was smoking pipe to like July.
Joshua Polkow: But then, I've been completely SOBER SINCE JULY OF 2018
Joshua Polkow: And
Joshua Polkow: Well, yeah, other than my Suboxone obviously
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Joshua Polkow: And then I also before I quit drinking
Joshua Polkow: I
Joshua Polkow: quit doing math. I'm July 28 July 30 July 31 of 2017
Joshua Polkow: Because I got
Joshua Polkow: strung out on that again for like a year and a half.
Joshua Polkow: I thought that I could handle. I thought things would be different. The next time.
Joshua Polkow: And they never were even drinking. You know I quit drinking for a while and I was like, Oh, well, since I could quit for a while, maybe this time I'll be able to be responsible and no it doesn't work out, I'm an addict. So
Joshua Polkow: I can't use anything responsibly.
Richelle Direny: But then this is the
Joshua Polkow: It's good to know.
In addition to that,
Richelle Direny: I know you said that in over the years, you've had about
Joshua Polkow: Three counts.
Richelle Direny: How much have you ever worked
Through
Richelle Direny: underlining the Court issues of why the relapse was
Richelle Direny: Patient
Joshua Polkow: During obviously
Richelle Direny: None of. No, I know that.
Richelle Direny: Was I started seeing a counselor and stuff. I haven't had any relapses
Richelle Direny: So you're saying, well, I guess that's not true because I started this book.
Joshua Polkow: You say, Yes, I started this
Program.
Joshua Polkow: I'm sorry, go ahead.
Richelle Direny: No, I was asking you started this program, three years ago.
Joshua Polkow: Yes. And then I was continuing to do mass for like the first
Joshua Polkow: Six or eight months maybe
Joshua Polkow: While you were in the program, then
Finally,
Joshua Polkow: Yes, while I was in the program, but I never, I never admitted that
Joshua Polkow: I don't know my fiance things differently.
Joshua Polkow: I'm not sure. Can you find out when I started this program.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I can tell you
Richelle Direny: What in the. But then that time that you were
Richelle Direny: In the time that you were in the
Joshua Polkow: Program. You said that
Richelle Direny: Are few months in the program, you were still using
Joshua Polkow: I thought so. But my fiance doesn't think so.
Joshua Polkow: Well, yeah, maybe, maybe I was just using
Joshua Polkow: Maybe I was just buying the Suboxone on the street at that point.
Joshua Polkow: And I wasn't really in the program because I've never failed a drug test program. So, I mean, I couldn't
Joshua Polkow: I couldn't have been, you know, doing math daily during that time.
Joshua Polkow: So maybe I was just because I've been on Suboxone for a really long time. When I was buying it on the street.
Richelle Direny: Wasn't did you
Richelle Direny: Know you start in July.
Joshua Polkow: 11
Richelle Direny: Thought it was in 2016 2017 July 25 2017
Joshua Polkow: Oh,
Joshua Polkow: That's what your stuff says
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you started in 2017
Joshua Polkow: Okay, yeah.
Joshua Polkow: Well then, yeah, that makes sense. That was right. That was the same time I quit doing math, then I stopped doing math on July 31 of 2017 was the last time I did that.
Richelle Direny: From when you started to when you special. You started
Richelle Direny: So you started
Richelle Direny: You started on the 11th of July and you stopped. About two weeks, two and a half weeks later.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: I can't hear you.
Joshua Polkow: Yes, I can hear you now. Goodness gracious.
Richelle Direny: Well, let me let me look at
We've had a very
Richelle Direny: Individual session was a very rough one,
Joshua Polkow: Sure was. Now, with five minutes remaining in the hour.
Joshua Polkow: Let me just, let me look at my
Joshua Polkow: showed up late so day over
Richelle Direny: No, no, you were actually you were
Richelle Direny: Okay cuz
Richelle Direny: Everybody was kind of having to be pushed back a little bit. So you're okay.
Richelle Direny: Let me, let me look at my calendar and schedule you out for a month and I will stop this very painful session right now.
Joshua Polkow: Hold on. Okay.
Richelle Direny: What days are better for you.
Joshua Polkow: Tuesdays are actually. Well, I mean, now it doesn't really well. Everything's supposed to go back to normal. So Tuesdays would be best because I don't have a on Tuesdays, or I don't I don't usually go to a on Tuesdays. Okay. I like it. Also do like Fridays. Let's
Richelle Direny: Let's do the 21st at five.
Joshua Polkow: Okay. Is that a Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: That's a Tuesday. And if we do the 21st at five that date you even if you miss like the first week of
Richelle Direny: The first the first Tuesday of the month for group, you just won't be able to do group on the same day that you and I meet individually.
Joshua Polkow: So you want to keep doing individual
Richelle Direny: Well, no, that's
Joshua Polkow: That group.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you do group once a month, right.
Joshua Polkow: Right. And you're going to do.
Richelle Direny: We meet into we kind of just check in. Once a month.
Joshua Polkow: So now I have to do group twice a month or counseling twice a month.
Richelle Direny: No, no, no. Individually group is different group is different from individually when you were meeting with Jody, how, how was that scheduled. How did you meet with God.
Joshua Polkow: I just just did once a month on the third Monday of the month.
Joshua Polkow: And that was it.
Joshua Polkow: And
Joshua Polkow: So what about, I guess I did a couple individuals.
Joshua Polkow: No. So yeah, that was the group.
Richelle Direny: So you just met with her just for group. You didn't do individuals with her.
Joshua Polkow: Not regularly. I mean, I did a couple of times. But no, it was not not regularly.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Joshua Polkow: Well then. Alright so that was like when my mom passed away.
I
Richelle Direny: Okay. So then we'll just whenever you feel that you need that extra support, then we'll schedule individual session.
Joshua Polkow: Okay, cool.
Joshua Polkow: Yeah, cuz it's like I said to me 20 bucks, every time.
Richelle Direny: I got you.
Joshua Polkow: I got you. Okay, so the first to
Richelle Direny: The first I will see you
Joshua Polkow: Is that right, then the first. Yes, yes. Okay. Thank you so much. You're so sorry I missed you last time and really
Richelle Direny: That's okay we're good.
Joshua Polkow: Okay, stay healthy.
Richelle Direny: You to wash your hands.
Joshua Polkow: That's right. Okay.
Joshua Polkow: Alright. Have a good night.
You too.
Joshua Polkow: Bye.
Bye.
Jasie Crotinger: Hi.
Jasie Crotinger: Sorry, I think you're right now because my
annoying as hell.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah.
Okay.
Jasie Crotinger: I'm on the computer right now because my cancer or aggravate inside of my phone.
Peter
Richelle Direny: You said you're gaining
Richelle Direny: Did you say you're on the computer, because what
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up.
Jasie Crotinger: Our picture.
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up very
Jasie Crotinger: Bad. He gave me a headset from go get it. Please hold on a minute.
Jasie Crotinger: I just the one roasting headset Ariana
Jasie Crotinger: Got it.
OK.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you.
Jasie Crotinger: Okay. Is it right now. So, though.
Richelle Direny: No. Okay.
Jasie Crotinger: Sorry, make it easier
Richelle Direny: No, you're, you're okay, you're okay. So how is how is how is everything. How's the homeschooling going
Jasie Crotinger: And I mean, it's okay. The boys don't really want to do it because they're playing on a games all day, all the time. So it's harder to get them to do it while I'm trying to work at the same time.
Jasie Crotinger: I like I worked both jobs from home now. So
Jasie Crotinger: I can't really don't have time today to get them on the computer and walk them through a year. I mean, to try to get money coming in the jobs. I have are difficult right now because of the coronavirus not very many people are trying to like find things or you know advertisers, or even
Jasie Crotinger: Like one of my jobs, like so.
Jasie Crotinger: Pretty much. I get them to redo the resume.
Jasie Crotinger: Or not going to want to do is 37 is
Jasie Crotinger: Relatively high now or depending on the type of games off.
Jasie Crotinger: But yeah, not very many people want
Jasie Crotinger: To buy resumes and stuff. So it's really hard. And then when the work and
Jasie Crotinger: And Florida and all that was me and like down to like a lot of the companies aren't there. So when I'm calling them to get them to buy spots on prescription bags.
Jasie Crotinger: Like they're not there for me to get ahold of them back to ain't all this shit down before I can even though with that is is really frustrating.
Jasie Crotinger: Because every day. I'm trying to get ahold of people and it's like hit or miss. In some people, I can get ahold of it is just depends on if they're in the office, though.
Jasie Crotinger: Some people are ours in there which identify where it sounds like insurance agencies. I don't see why they would be like that necessity or I mean
Jasie Crotinger: Like I don't see why that would be
Jasie Crotinger: Putting me to say open during this time. You mean
Jasie Crotinger: By this is the one people, the only people really I've been able to get older.
Jasie Crotinger: Than trying to get it done. But it's been annoying so easy, tell him to stop.
I'm sorry.
Jasie Crotinger: I sent her. The one I'm listen. He's been a frickin threat.
But yeah
Jasie Crotinger: It's been a difficult
Jasie Crotinger: Man, it's my son's birthday.
Jasie Crotinger: So,
Jasie Crotinger: More not today, but it will be
Jasie Crotinger: Saturday version. So I don't want that too. And he's wanting to go to like Sky Zone, but I keep thinking this is their, their clothes, now
Jasie Crotinger: That kind of affect everything with these kids, it's very annoying but
Jasie Crotinger: I have to deal with it.
Jasie Crotinger: Man, I can really do about it. Yeah, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because you can't go to Sky. Sky Zone is closed down, isn't it.
Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: Right. And I sorry. Hold on.
Jasie Crotinger: Because he asked why I told him, I said, well, we'll have to make it up to you but
Jasie Crotinger: You know what this stuff I've had my kids in the house. I've even been in the house, since they said that there is what actually before that, before they said they were locked down you know happening. I've been in a half so as human been really an issue for me.
Jasie Crotinger: But the kids. On the other hand, they're always like to go do something go out area. There's one mistake somewhere else. The time so only time I actually happen as like to be a cigarette or disappointment in my partial
Jasie Crotinger: By like I went out really, other than
Jasie Crotinger: My parachute and stuff happening.
Jasie Crotinger: Kind of prepared.
Richelle Direny: So, so both what I'm sold that you're both jobs. One of them is you you sell resume. It's like, get it.
Jasie Crotinger: Updated and if I do like I do.
Jasie Crotinger: Like I tried to explain. I do like
Jasie Crotinger: Interviews
Jasie Crotinger: And it kind of sounds like basically it's like a step play by they just pretend to interview stuff. It's not like that. We do interviews for jobs ever actually like doing roles for
Jasie Crotinger: But we offer them services and we get Commission out of it, basically.
Jasie Crotinger: But I'm all Commission like I'm not working out. I really, I have to sell right and they get any checks coming because I'm working from home.
Jasie Crotinger: So I'm kind of screwed because I'm not gonna have to check if they don't buy and then was other one, like I said, a lot of these are open, get them to buy on like the acne. I mean advertise opposition bag doesn't have to be in the office for a week or two weeks.
Jasie Crotinger: Because a lot of places told me to call back
Richelle Direny: So, so it's like hit or miss. How much you will you will generate how much income you will generate, week to week
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you're a sinner.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: I get child support from one of my head is bad on a regular and then I don't want doesn't pay child support. Eat it helps everyone, so I will close and shit. You don't really handy over money is like for building anything. And then the other one.
Jasie Crotinger: He doesn't do anything, really, to be honest with you.
Jasie Crotinger: Right here, you know,
Jasie Crotinger: The mind during the summer. Anyways, he doesn't
Jasie Crotinger: He doesn't help. Like he said basically
Richelle Direny: So, so what what support system do you have
Richelle Direny: Outside of you just trying to work to take care of them. And the one
Richelle Direny: Involves clockwork.
Jasie Crotinger: And do I have, you said
Jasie Crotinger: I'm
Jasie Crotinger: I mean, I'm on house whenever I need it.
Jasie Crotinger: But other than that, I mean, I really don't.
Jasie Crotinger: Have anybody else. I really have
Unfortunately,
Jasie Crotinger: That kind of sucks really famous lesson.
Jasie Crotinger: To figure it out, which I do. I mean I eventually do figure it out. But it's annoying.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, just happening. Last time, don't get into that the phrase, get up into the juice is just afraid I'm not gonna tell you again.
Jasie Crotinger: Um, it's annoying though, because by the time I tried to save money up. It's time for another building a month, year. I mean, it's like it's new. It's like
Jasie Crotinger: Irritation to me but I mean everything's been all right right now, but I know doing it should be easier for me because I'm not really making that much money like I was
Jasie Crotinger: Now so much covering just the bare minimum, like any written stuff. But now it's like I know when my next check is like I'm in, you know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: But then I mean, have you tried calling like I'm like say for your, your landlords. Are you renting from like an apartment complex. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: Hold on.
Jasie Crotinger: Let me stop them.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I'm actually probably get help, but I just feel like
Jasie Crotinger: They're not really gonna they're already going to be helping some of the other people you're. I mean, so I don't know.
Jasie Crotinger: Why these organizations.
Richelle Direny: To think about, you have to think about it for a moment, like you said, you know, they're helping so many other people
Think Like if it's something that
Richelle Direny: You know, if money is running out. You don't know when your next paycheck is coming in.
Richelle Direny: So it's just, you know, exploring, you know. How can what you can you do to save the little that you have to be able to
Richelle Direny: Until you're able to fully go back all
Right.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: I've been. I've been trying to save up as much as I can, I can
Jasie Crotinger: have money in the bank that I've been saving, but it's just like
Jasie Crotinger: That I mean I'm the type that I budget, like I tried a budget as best I can, but they might not have in the bank. I don't count that as happy or I mean
Jasie Crotinger: There's just for like when something happens, I need it, getting, like, for whatever situation, I can have it, but I don't want to have to use that if I can do something about it. Yeah. I mean, if I can bring money in that side. It's just about trying to do to avoid having to spend that money.
Jasie Crotinger: So,
Jasie Crotinger: That's, I mean I I'll figure it out, obviously.
Jasie Crotinger: I know it works on expenses checks or whatever they are. So I'm assuming, those are for that. But I don't know, like all the specifics of it. They even approved in on that. Yeah, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: That's like a day, maybe I don't have. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: How was everything.
Richelle Direny: I know the last time that we met. We talked about like trying to maintain boundaries with your, your youngest child father
Richelle Direny: Or more. Have you been to maintain those boundaries.
Jasie Crotinger: That I know like
Richelle Direny: I said, Have you been able to maintain those boundaries.
Richelle Direny: Solid dependent upon him.
Jasie Crotinger: I'm
Jasie Crotinger: Not running
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, kinda has any you drive the car Academy
Jasie Crotinger: And I like hearing me. I don't really answer all the time like
Jasie Crotinger: I don't want entertain it pretty much as i mean like I don't
Jasie Crotinger: Sometimes I like tell I'm busy or something. I want to talk to them is where I used to answer every call you know me and talk to him for a long time.
Jasie Crotinger: And now that I have this or like now that. It's crunch time as far as making money. It's like it gets aggravating so I mean I think I'm really into the boundaries as far as that goes. I mean, I call them and i want to i didn't have. I don't really
Jasie Crotinger: I don't really entertaining here. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: Like I talked to every once a while. Um, let's talk about Omari, or something. But other than that, I mean we really haven't been talking about.
Jasie Crotinger: Me and then but just the fact that you talk to me every day. It seems stupid because it's like you're married, you know, I mean, to me because of my everyday life.
Jasie Crotinger: It's been different, like I really haven't been entertaining it, to be honest.
Jasie Crotinger: I try not to.
Richelle Direny: Know, I mean as as things and like I like to. I've been kind of reviewing with everyone their self care routine as you're going through as you're going through everything with, you know, with the lockdown is shutting let me limited income.
Richelle Direny: Know, I've been, you know, checking in with everybody. What is your self care routine. What is because
Richelle Direny: You know they predict that things may get a little bit harder.
Richelle Direny: You're not at the worst of it.
Richelle Direny: And so in in such case, you know, it's really thinking about what is
Richelle Direny: What is your self care routine daily to
Richelle Direny: Be able to maintain your own mental
Richelle Direny: Where you don't feel overwhelmed, where you're making irrational unwise decisions.
Jasie Crotinger: Right, right. Um, I don't know. I really
Jasie Crotinger: Don't know.
Jasie Crotinger: I mean, I'm trying to think.
Jasie Crotinger: I mean, I've been I'm never gonna do the same name. Anyway, so like the change in like having to sit at home. That's what I've always done that. It's not nothing new for me so out stop every once a while I would
Jasie Crotinger: I would go to like a store and go shop or something. If I wanted to go out. Yeah. I mean, if I was to stuck in the house or too much or whatever.
Jasie Crotinger: But i mean i don't i don't know i really like thought about that as far as like
Jasie Crotinger: I guess it really hasn't been stressing me out too much besides just the word thing indicated trying to have them on schedule but that's about it here. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: So, I mean, I guess that I should have some set up those
Jasie Crotinger: Stress, it does cause stress.
Jasie Crotinger: So much. I just really haven't
Jasie Crotinger: Happen. Yeah, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: Anything else, but just
Richelle Direny: I think it's very important to pay attention to yourself in
Richelle Direny: Pickens because if you don't, you, um, you know, everything will eventually catch up to you because you're so focused on being able
To
See what you are
Richelle Direny: When you become you know just overwhelmed with just thinking about them. If
Richelle Direny: I can see you talking about, I can't hear you. I can't hear you either
Richelle Direny: Okay, should be better.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I can hear you better now.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I think it was my internet connection. Sorry.
Richelle Direny: No, that's why I mean, as I said, I'm saying, you know, when you're you and yours. You're super focused on being able to maintain everything that you have
Richelle Direny: Neglect your own needs and your own self care able to, you know, remain at a homeostasis, to be able to have a balance and you first have to be balanced with it.
Richelle Direny: Like we do everything. It's kind of like the analogy of. Have you ever traveled on a plane. No. Okay. Like when you travel or have you ever gone
Jasie Crotinger: I'm sorry, hold on.
Okay.
Jasie Crotinger: No.
Wonder, you're not
Here.
Jasie Crotinger: You are
Yeah.
I'm not going to get all night.
Jasie Crotinger: Sorry.
Richelle Direny: No, you're good.
Richelle Direny: And this because this is your life all day long. You have to analogy. Right now it's going to tap into. And this is for everyone.
Richelle Direny: Right when you're home, especially with younger children and it's just like, you know, I'm surprised. They're not coming and say, mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy. Mommy, I'm surprised there.
Jasie Crotinger: Weren't any game.
Richelle Direny: So, and you know what, as much as, as long as the game can entertain them once that no longer entertains them, then it's going to be mommy, mommy and the longer you stay close indoors, you have to become creative on how to entertain them so they don't drive you out of your mind.
Richelle Direny: Because that's the reality of what can happen. It's kind of like
Richelle Direny: Think about it as a marriage or a relationship in the beginning of the relationship. Oh, everything is so wonderful, you're kissing each other. I love you. I this, I bet.
Richelle Direny: And then eventually, it's just like, Whoa. Oh, and that's kinda you have we haven't gotten to that. Oh my god, I'm pulling out my hair moment because we're still in the honeymoon phase of it all.
Richelle Direny: So that's the reason why you have to kind of
Richelle Direny: start implementing your own self care routines and the reason why I asked you if you ever flown or
Richelle Direny: You know, if you've ever been on a boat because they go through that I'm in the event of a crisis if anything happened is the ship was about the same core. The plane was about to fall out the air. They have these
Richelle Direny: These protocols that they go over and they tell you it's you. Take care of yourself first. They pull you you put on your mask your vest. You get all suited up first. Naturally, we would want to take your
Richelle Direny: First that's naturally, but they tell you you take care of yourself first. Why do you think that they tell you to take care of yourself first.
Jasie Crotinger: And
Jasie Crotinger: He said that they say nothing here, you can try the next person.
Richelle Direny: Know they tell you to take they tell you to put on your, your life best your mat. Your, your mask everything. Why do you think they tell you to do it first to yourself before doing it for the children.
Jasie Crotinger: To protect yourself. I guess because
Jasie Crotinger: I guess because the frantic and, you know, causing chaos. I guess you're there cause inducing panic.
Jasie Crotinger: It makes it, you know, sexy kids too and it's like a whole big ass you know i mean incident situation.
Richelle Direny: That's not why did. Why did they tell you to do it first, because if
Richelle Direny: Everything goes protective gears on them first and you pass out who's going to take care of them.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So if you do it first, then you will be around to be able to care for them and to assist them with everything if they're drowning. They can't help themselves because you understand, like, or if
Richelle Direny: They can't help you, you
Jasie Crotinger: First, and I was like, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Yes. So that's the reason why they tell you, you always take care of yourself first. So you are around to be able to care for them. Right.
Richelle Direny: That's how you have to even think about even now the situation now your, your circumstance that you're in now is that
Richelle Direny: You have to think about your own mental health, um, you know, what are your coping skills. What is it that you're doing in light of everything that's going on around you. Um, I think now's the time to be more creative, given that you have
Richelle Direny: You know you're on the internet, all day.
For the most part, because
Richelle Direny: What you can do
Richelle Direny: Is
Richelle Direny: You can, um, you know, look at different things i one person just told me
Richelle Direny: One person just told me they started making money by
Richelle Direny: Shopping for people through Instacart.
Jasie Crotinger: Uh huh. Hmm.
Jasie Crotinger: Yep, Buzzy My thing is is I just don't want to expose that Aaron has asthma, as it is alarming that the that coronavirus is more favorable to them than it is Ashlyn my oldest
Jasie Crotinger: And me. I mean, I know, I know of. I don't have any underlying issues that my health issues for diabetes, high blood pressure or anything like that.
Jasie Crotinger: But you never know if there could be, you know, you never notice of the night. You never found out about yourself that could cause an issue here. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: I really I don't want to have to make tonight. I've heard that they have stores pairing and stuff too as well.
Jasie Crotinger: Like progresses hiring for our for 17 hour for stopping in
Jasie Crotinger: This we're doing other things there. You know, I mean the lobby weren't trying to work their way with this stuff going on.
Jasie Crotinger: So they've been real super busy. So a lot of these stores around here and we're hiring. I just don't want to be around people interacting. Here I have no one to expose myself and my kids to that buyer so
Jasie Crotinger: I guess it all figured out one way or another. If I saw the my landlord, like, hey, are you a little bit. Now, there's a little bit later. Yeah, man, what's going to happen. I mean, people need to be understanding and watch it again. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: I was going on right now is you can't force somebody to go out there and and overexuberance do but with something like this happening, you can't force somebody to go put ourself in harm's way just to you. I mean, like, that's ridiculous to ask for me that I've been
Jasie Crotinger: I mean, I'll get money coming in. Eventually, somebody will end up again something
Richelle Direny: I mean, they said the stimulus package past. So there's a there's something where that's concerned.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah so me as that happens. That happens to but they're saying that in May, like I said of word stream is coming of that.
Jasie Crotinger: Of that that coronavirus
Jasie Crotinger: So like you said, the worst thing ever. So I'm assuming it's nice. It's packed April, May and be into June, July, you're i mean i don't think that the buyers, really good. I doubt and she'll probably June or July.
Richelle Direny: Right, yeah. Yeah, I think that's what I heard them say more.
Jasie Crotinger: What
Richelle Direny: I think I heard that as well. I mean, there's everyone speculates
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, they're all guesses as never been messing around before like that.
Jasie Crotinger: But
Jasie Crotinger: I've been paranoid. I got a whole bunch of cleaning supplies I bought hand sanitizers best loved about that man I got all kinds of stuff. I got fever. She called pass
Jasie Crotinger: The hash numbers like their, their friends defer to something or frigid something. It's like a cold pack you can on the forehead. It takes your fee or down along with whatever you give up.
Jasie Crotinger: I want you got Tylenol ibuprofen. So if I back which I was rushing Ashley to give because I guess it makes it worse. But
Jasie Crotinger: Um, yeah, I've been over prepared so I'm I guess you could say stress me out a little bit.
Jasie Crotinger: Just because not not knowing you. I mean, the unknown. What's going to happen when it's going to go back related is how it's going to affect everybody you know my graph or older, my sister, my mom, my house here so
Jasie Crotinger: They did nothing home day of working had it. My mom got sick, right, like on her ship when she went back after all this stuff came out.
Jasie Crotinger: She took care of a late in the night before my sister as well because they both were going to the same place.
Jasie Crotinger: They both took care of somebody that that supposedly had it, but they had to check them first. Well, I'm, I'm sorry to get a high fever and shortness of breath, and I told her, go home.
Jasie Crotinger: You know, you need to go home, go get checked and then come back if you don't have anything wrong. But if you do need to be off so. Thank God she ends up actually getting read written off by the doctor that
Jasie Crotinger: That
Jasie Crotinger: Senior that day and my sister as well because my sister had no issues too. So, I mean, she probably wouldn't work but
Jasie Crotinger: I don't know man is not like if they see nothing but people are dying from having underline issues and
Jasie Crotinger: Being out earlier. I mean, they haven't really seen success stories, we will not through the front of ours. Why put yourself in that situation. Yeah, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: I can say if you're not, you don't have issues and you're young, or whatever. And I get it, but I don't know but they they were exposed to it.
Jasie Crotinger: So I don't know, I've been trying to isolate myself from that. But I have an older rambles it's not stressful. Really, really just been a really stressful.
Jasie Crotinger: Thinking about often. What is and stuff like that. Like if someone walks in. I have like I spray the floor because they say it spreads to like drop us off for the flower disinfection offered like where they were standing like it's ridiculous. For me, I guess.
Richelle Direny: I think it's the, it's the fear of the unknown. And that's why we do it. It's like the fear of the unknown.
Richelle Direny: And so we tried it, we become overcautious but then in becoming overcautious all we're doing is tearing down our own immune systems. What we're doing is weakening our own natural defenses. That's what we're doing when we do that, um,
Richelle Direny: So you have to just be
Richelle Direny: Mindful of how much more
Richelle Direny: You know how like are you going are you doing too much.
Richelle Direny: I think all of it just drives fear unnecessary fear.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, maybe for this. I really, I didn't, I didn't use like the air. Air swap can have lights on, like we ran the air and it goes around
Jasie Crotinger: And ever used that before, like I've used like cleaning supplies that disinfectants like for sure, like the bathroom, kitchen stuff like that.
Jasie Crotinger: But I never really worried about it before and use typically when I didn't shake. I don't even after I get through it. Yeah, I mean, unless I'm like really really sick rag. I feel like I need to go the hospital, rather than I would get through it. So you have to like
Jasie Crotinger: This situation. I don't know. I think everyone's different. Everyone's making it worse or having their own. I don't want it is or how serious it is. Or when you're i mean
Jasie Crotinger: How it's going to affect people and then they of course like have you seen that video. What I'm sure you're in Florida. Right.
Jasie Crotinger: There was a video on Facebook that was from like our areas. I live in Troy, but it was a big there's this boy which there was a fake one. I know. It was so nobody can find the Facebook profile and I
Jasie Crotinger: posted something that's not
Jasie Crotinger: Someone says about God told me to. I got, I woke up with a fever.
Jasie Crotinger: And say God told me to go touch everything and help you guys out basically saying that if he gets everyone else sick their immune system will fight it off.
Jasie Crotinger: And God's once I do that. So you said already, hit toy Walmart toy Kroger's stick with stick with it within different areas. He hit them to run
Jasie Crotinger: Well, you know, people can make fake poker. So if I that I didn't know what it was, but the panic you something making something like, hey, that's what's really going on. But there is a
Jasie Crotinger: Group.
Jasie Crotinger: Okay.
Jasie Crotinger: Let me get up.
Jasie Crotinger: I'm sorry. But anyway, like they said there's some teenagers that are out of town like out of Ohio that are running around like touching things and spin on things because they're trying to be smart ass of the body. I mean, they're younger
Jasie Crotinger: They really don't have a handout, so you should just have the ability and stuff. So there's just people around here. Toby inconsiderate and rude about the situation and just just
Jasie Crotinger: Really like they need to be educated, they need to have parents to educate them on talking about that is as like it that causes the issue to with like
Jasie Crotinger: Say, but for me is for someone else it could have been something that set him off the weather like panicking gaining
Richelle Direny: Some of the stuff I think it's fake. I've even seen where people are going around going into the stores, um, you know, but I saw someone open up ice cream and lick it, and then put it back.
Richelle Direny: But then
Richelle Direny: But I've seen them post it as its as its recent but it's really something that when you look at when the actual thing occurred. It was long ago.
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, you just have to
Richelle Direny: Listen in everything. Naturally, we become fearful of everything and you have to answer it. You have to ask yourself the question, what are you fearful of what exactly are you fearful of
Richelle Direny: And that's what you just have to really think about
Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: I am yeah I think
Jasie Crotinger: I don't know. I think my fear is my kid.
Them.
Jasie Crotinger: Again, sick with her then have an admin. I just, I don't want to see them suffer here. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: That's my baby bear
I think
Jasie Crotinger: Oh, nothing. That's my problem really I don't really care too much about myself as much as I do them.
Jasie Crotinger: And as I went to their kid gets sick and you know I need have issues you know saying like breathing and possibly die. And that's actually something that happens like there's no state. There's no medication for it.
Jasie Crotinger: hasn't yet so you pretty much have to watch your kids die. You know, I mean, if they do have an underlying issues and then
Richelle Direny: Then there's no real medication for the flu virus, either.
Jasie Crotinger: Know, but yeah, I mean, you're right. But, oh, no.
Richelle Direny: We so definitely afraid of the flu virus as we are this I mean granted that they say that this is more respiratory. But isn't the flu virus also respiratory
Richelle Direny: Isn't the food can't find risk kill you. Just like how this can so you have to. So that's what I'm saying. You have to sometimes you have to stop and just be logical and just say, hey,
Richelle Direny: I mean, I hear what you're saying, but everything that you're describing really truly seem to mimic the food.
Richelle Direny: Right, a regular flu. And do you do you are you over protective when it's a flu virus. And remember the flu is airborne it's contact
Richelle Direny: Droplet all this different stuff. So if I come to your house and I'm coughing or sneezing. Are you going to spray me down the same way of of me knowing that I have the coronavirus. Are you going to treat the two situations.
Richelle Direny: Are you going to be extra vigilant, or a person with the corona. You understand, yeah.
Richelle Direny: I think it's just the degree of fear that all of it just imposes on everyone.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I didn't. Yeah, I think it's just the fact that the President stepping in a lobby for every acting clean
Richelle Direny: The president than what
Jasie Crotinger: After the president stepping in and having a lot that I'm on the phone or on the saying I'm not even about me. So if you want something to drink, you go to get it in a cup.
Jasie Crotinger: Is outside. Yeah, and it being like that.
Jasie Crotinger: So a national lockdown or whatever. And so it makes everyone's like makes me feel like it's a serious more serious than your. I mean, the flu. Do I mean because
Jasie Crotinger: I mean, what's the flu. We never really have that many people's I'd be cautious, but it was definitely an incident where I was like oh my god you stay in the house to bring it says checks or something. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: Like I know someone said Obama send a check out before, since this check and I know are not census. But whatever it is, stimulus or something like that.
Jasie Crotinger: But I remember that. I remember because I was younger and and you just drink happens when I just told you not to. I told you earlier, natural gas.
Jasie Crotinger: Oh my god, Lord. Help me right yeah I remember that. But I mean I guess I don't know much about different outlooks on it. I just one guy said we had each one in one
Jasie Crotinger: The blue on so the stuff he said it this is basically the same thing before every, every IP and then I had said that the flute kills more than a quarter buyer says
Jasie Crotinger: And then we see numbers where people are dying in 1000. So how is it. Yeah. I mean, it can't possibly be that if it kills more than this year. I mean, like the flu are the solutions, one in their coronavirus it is showing like that. It's not, that's not true.
Richelle Direny: But then again, again, without over and I think what we're doing is over thinking over rationalizing it or were like sitting on the news watching all this stuff. Remember the thing with the coronavirus and even with the flu.
Richelle Direny: It's all of it is respiratory. A lot of people majority of the people are people who have underlining health problems.
Richelle Direny: So they're all people who have underlining health problems. So if you have an underlining health issue, I mean,
Richelle Direny: You know, of course, because the a flu virus all that if you have asthma. Okay, if you're if you're a smoker.
Richelle Direny: What happens and if you YOU'VE BEEN SPOKEN FOR YOU HAVE COPD, and then you get the for coronavirus. What do you think is gonna happen.
Richelle Direny: Why do you think so.
Jasie Crotinger: Because this action lungs and the CBD.
Jasie Crotinger: damaged tissue. So you're damaged tissue on top of it, you know, healthy and money to breed.
Jasie Crotinger: So that's my fear to because I do smoke. Again, it's like I just overworked myself.
It is a fear of not knowing
Richelle Direny: Look, you have. So you have this thing that
Richelle Direny: You know, you will be okay. You have COPD. Um, but yet we engage in things that will put us in respiratory failure without recognizing them. We go decide, oh, let's go run a half marathon.
Richelle Direny: To kill yourself, your lungs are not that good. So why would he does. I mean it. The reality of it is because of how it's been publicized that's what scares us because listen, if it's really how people think practice for caution.
Richelle Direny: Practice precaution. I'm just saying that you just have to be mindful.
Richelle Direny: You think that watching it, watching the news and listening to all the stuff and people who are sending these different articles that you know you know you're questioning whether the validity of it. It puts more anxiety on you like I remember my husband sent me
Richelle Direny: A. I think it was an article that said that it was, um,
Richelle Direny: Please let me
Know,
Jasie Crotinger: Limit hot water with lemon
Jasie Crotinger: It gives you like a vitamin C. When you heat it up.
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, I saw the big lemon in it.
Richelle Direny: But, um, it's like he sent me this article, and it should. I don't know if you've seen it or it's been circulating it's it shows like a lion walking around in an alley. And the thing is saying that this is what they're doing in Russia to ensure that people are staying indoors.
Richelle Direny: And I'm like, and I'm sitting here thinking, There's no way
Richelle Direny: Hold on, I don't know if you can see it. Can you see this
Jasie Crotinger: I can see the alleys.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so basically what it is, it's a it's a lion. That's just walking around some like there is no way of government is going to let out 500 lions in a town just to ensure that people stays locked in.
Richelle Direny: Hmm. It was like, All right, let me go read because now you have to pick sense out of nonsense because you see this you get nervous and
Richelle Direny: Really rush to thinking rationally. So my. There is no way so I wouldn't google this and when I googled it. They said, number one, this is a picture from out of someplace in Africa.
Richelle Direny: And I'm like really am pretty much all it was. It's they Photoshopped. The lion in this
Richelle Direny: Right, and I think the lion that they, the way they photoshopped with the lion, I think, was walking on a safari like in there, you know, the zoo or whatever, and they read it.
Richelle Direny: And now you're reading this insane. I'm the President or the prime minister or whatever of Russia, he released 500 lions to ensure the people stay quarantine any my mind, I'm like, first of all, if you do that, how are you going to keep track of 500 lines right
Richelle Direny: And then you're putting people's lives at risk or whatever because you're going to have some chatter. So what lions are got now we're feeding lines human being.
Richelle Direny: Right, so
Jasie Crotinger: You have to be in Atlanta are homeless. Not everybody has a place to go. Very nice.
Richelle Direny: You have homeless people that's out there and not all homeless people as you know people that are homeless, not all of them want to go into a shelter so
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, now I'm talking five to 10 times as long as a game. Right.
Richelle Direny: So, um, that's, that's pretty much what it is you have to, when someone shows you something, or they're sending you pretty much what they're so now. Like there's these new things that saying
Richelle Direny: Um, I think there's a new one that come out that says that all the new faces in there's so many new cases in China. So now you hear, Oh, China is bracing themselves for the, the second
Richelle Direny: You have to go check the validity of that. How true is that because listen, remember this whole thing called came from out of China supposedly right
Richelle Direny: If it really does come out of China if there was a second wave of it. Don't you think the news would have been telling everybody about it.
Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: I guess it was the governor, the governor
Jasie Crotinger: Never Ohio.
Jasie Crotinger: Wherever he is on the now I'm playing usually typically I'm watching that any other time but he said that he's the one that said that there was me a second strand in May, but that's what I'm questioning, because I was going to be a second stream.
Richelle Direny: Stream and
Jasie Crotinger: That's I'm saying, like,
Jasie Crotinger: That's I'm saying I don't understand, because that's my question. I'm like, wait a minute, so
Jasie Crotinger: I understand how that I mean because China obviously didn't have enough. A second stream because there should there should lasted, you know, a couple months.
Jasie Crotinger: And then it finally died down here. I mean, they, they have, they weren't here with section numbers may
Jasie Crotinger: You know, I mean they were down they eat dead snakes and is freaking whatever else a bath, whatever you want to call it.
Jasie Crotinger: Which I think is freaking ridiculous, but whatever. I think they need to be in that now because I think that's why a lot of their stuff.
Jasie Crotinger: Like their affections of are coming from wild animals that they're eating down there. I think they need to have like a law and kind of where they tell eat number Snake number this year. I mean, I understand you don't see what, what's a happy time be about that said it's nasty.
Richelle Direny: Well, you know,
Richelle Direny: Listen.
Richelle Direny: What country might say you eat chicken. That's nasty. So, you know, every country they eat.
Richelle Direny: Animal like like, what is it, there are some Spanish. I was telling my sister. Today I'm like your Spanish people that you want us. And she's like, hold up, really. And I'm like, yeah, my evil, but he basically wanted Chinese people are known to eat pretty much every animal that
Jasie Crotinger: I see on Facebook. They had a video this one girl eating a healthy life stuff and like testicles, like it was a whole whole thing is you just eating it was hot sauce on like how you eat that.
Jasie Crotinger: Even she's buying into and it was just so nasty. Like it was ridiculous. Like, I don't know why they would watch it. But why are you eating it as if you haven't had nothing to eat for days like she was literally devouring it like it was
Jasie Crotinger: It was ridiculous. I was like, disgusted by it.
Richelle Direny: But then, but then I mean if you think about, I don't know if you've ever seen.
Richelle Direny: You know, maybe you're too young to watch. Remember Indiana Jones from back in the day.
Jasie Crotinger: I don't know, I probably did watch it, but
Richelle Direny: Joe Lewis from way way way back in the day, like in Africa when they go and they eat all the sudden the monkeys I that popped up in the soup and they were
Richelle Direny: You and I would look like this disgusting.
Jasie Crotinger: But then
Richelle Direny: In that culture. It's a delicacy is great. And I'm sitting here looking like that's just like so I i'm I'm from Jamaica and we eat, go to
Richelle Direny: Now, I personally don't like I just eat the Bronx, because all that other stuff in there. I wanted
Richelle Direny: Like they have like the hope that it's called the head of the golden they use it to make a soup.
Richelle Direny: I choose not to like I just like the bras and taste of the bras with everything else. I'm like, I don't want that.
Richelle Direny: But no one might look at that and be like, oh, that's disgusting. But you know, it's the culture. I grew up in. And that's what they eat, whereas in another culture they eat different things.
Right.
Richelle Direny: But we all China. I mean, listen. Right. Eat Roshi and they made they eat they eat.
Jasie Crotinger: They dogs animals.
Jasie Crotinger: And I get one my does I get like that. I mean, I understand the Doug delicacy thing because me. I get that.
Jasie Crotinger: In a way, because you know before we started having more things we were eating. You know what we could like analyze your i mean
Jasie Crotinger: Obviously, so like say back in. Back in the day, like before restaurants or anything came about, you're like me and hear me, they said like animals, where they can find. I get that. But I just don't get the other stuff. I just, I don't
Jasie Crotinger: I mean, if you know if you're now and you know you're educated about the diseases that can come from these animals, like I said, like they probably would. I don't know, I feel like they knew about the current advisor still a fish it and they knew the river. Right. Yeah. And I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I honestly I think that I, you know, that's a whole nother conversation about, like, because this stuff has been around for so long.
Richelle Direny: You know, everybody has a theory of radical thought. But these people have been eating bad snakes rack mounts Roach, they've been eating it for you for centuries. Why all of a sudden the issue.
Jasie Crotinger: Right, right. All of a sudden, they're dropping benefit in there getting sick.
Richelle Direny: Why all of a sudden
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, that does make sense, a lot of people said population control and they're trying to enforce martial law and provide that
Richelle Direny: Think about it. It's like I say, I'm from Jamaica down, they may go head to that's been something that's been going on for centuries. Why all of a sudden, people are dropping dead for me.
My son.
Richelle Direny: Same dorm anatomy all the, the, the, the chemical makeup, whatever it is. Right. Why all the sudden it's becoming deadly to me.
Jasie Crotinger: Right. Yeah, there's something going on. I believe it because I believe I could have stopped him from doing international travel because I remember reading stories and I came to the United States I resorted to my iPhone. I. That's why I went out and got
Jasie Crotinger: The all the hand sanitizer, I could I got 20 million bottles of it because that's when it started right now the stores, I knows overkill, but it didn't have it Kroger, they didn't have it at Walmart. So I'm like, Okay, I gotta roses.
Jasie Crotinger: Roses. And I finally my Bible. I grabbed him. That's your identity. No, but I didn't even that like everyone else. Of course I didn't keep off with one of them, but I just grabbed them and then I got, I was already talking about it and I know my my kids is bothering
Jasie Crotinger: Friends flash brother.
Jasie Crotinger: He was on my martial law. We're like, no, we don't think so, whatever.
Jasie Crotinger: But it does make sense because now, a lot of other people are talking about it because there are you trying to stay in the house, you know, they're saying that there's a second stream coming out. They don't know how long it's gonna last
Jasie Crotinger: You know they got so many cases in the United States. It's ridiculous it is
Jasie Crotinger: I don't know, like I said, I think Trump had the time to. You did have the time to stop international travel and he could have for it to not get into the United States. You know, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: So I feel like he did that on purpose.
Richelle Direny: I mean I, you know what, I know that everything is a theory. Everything, everything is a conspiracy theory, we don't know, and what the more you focus on that, the more you overwhelm yourself.
Richelle Direny: And the more like you said, buying 21 bottles or 10 bottles of pants sanitizer. If it's going to cost you $50 was that $50 well spent, is the question.
Richelle Direny: You understand, cuz that $50 have been spent on something else. It is the reality is, instead of buying all of that hand sanitizer, especially now that your home. It's utilizing soap and water now because to me, they they've always said outside of the hand sanitizers so
Richelle Direny: It's the best thing that you can use. I personally, I've used hand sanitizers and I still wash my hands, my hands dirty. So in the end, you're just kid with all this alcohol content and you're just rubbing it up. I mean just wash your hands.
Richelle Direny: You know you're killing your good bacteria is your body's made up of bacteria is your calling it the more you do if you do it like it's overkill. So that's what I'm saying. So then
Richelle Direny: I'm scared of getting sick right they tell me. Oh, wash your hands. So now I go over. I go overboard and I start washing my hands wash my hands wash my hands in the end I got sick.
Richelle Direny: But I don't understand how did I get sick. I'm doing everything that they told me, because now common sense says you had your natural bacteria with all of this that you were doing. You killed your natural bacteria. So what you did was open up yourself and invited the virus.
Jasie Crotinger: Right. Right. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Everything that
Richelle Direny: Helps to build your immune system right Washington all the way. Now you are beer. And now, guess what.
Richelle Direny: Now you're now you're really exposed. So that's what I'm saying this, this doing everything is overkill. So now you're wondering well, how is it that these people they're healthy, they're getting sick, they're the one may be
Richelle Direny: Doing the most in the hygiene, you're doing them. Like if you go pay 10 times for the day. What's going to happen, isn't it, not going to dry out your skin is going to dry out natural oils.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, that's true, that's, that's
Richelle Direny: You have to look at it, but no one is stopping to think like that because they're so busy.
Richelle Direny: Here, make sure nothing about that anxiety makes you not think about that and it's stopping and saying, hold on, let me make sense of this. I already don't think it makes sense, but then fear is because it's
Richelle Direny: Fear is growing bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger that it's not allowing you to stop and see
Richelle Direny: It's like we teach our children think before you talk, think before you
Jasie Crotinger: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: So that's just kind of the reality of of what is it's like I learned that
Richelle Direny: Long before I had kids, when I started college coach. Someone told me a professor said that he was like, don't do that.
Richelle Direny: He said, because your hands have natural bacteria. If you keep washing it away.
Richelle Direny: You're killing your natural flora. And when you do that now you are not building up your immune system cannot handle
Richelle Direny: Whatever this whatever foreign matters that comes towards you, it cannot handle it, because whatever natural occurring soldiers, you have. It's kind of like they say you have your good soldiers and your bad soldiers.
Right.
Richelle Direny: You're good soldiers you leave room for your bad soldiers to take over.
So,
Richelle Direny: It's just being mindful. I think more than anything else. It's just for you. I will encourage you to, you know, do what you can to think about creative ways you can generate money right
Jasie Crotinger: I'm going to figure it out. So
Jasie Crotinger: Your dashboard data because my background, they won't let me do it.
Richelle Direny: What about Amazon. Amazon is hiring.
Jasie Crotinger: Oh yeah, I heard about that. Yeah, I forget who said the Amazon somebody working for Amazon making money.
Richelle Direny: And I'm
Jasie Crotinger: A MOM I think she saw me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, there's different ways that you can even if it's temporary right now it's temporary. So think about
Richelle Direny: Every week
Jasie Crotinger: I say what
Richelle Direny: Do you go to groups every week.
Now, once a month.
Jasie Crotinger: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And one
Richelle Direny: One once a month, one on the first one second.
Jasie Crotinger: Let me see what my next group and I forget.
Jasie Crotinger: The 14
Jasie Crotinger: Car Joplin choir and I'm honest.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So then let's meet in a month then. Let's check back in in a month.
Jasie Crotinger: Okay.
Richelle Direny: On the 23rd at I have you at seven o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, if we need to make changes, just let me know. Okay.
All right.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Have a good evening. And like I said, you know, just be safe, be mindful. Just think, does this make sense. And that's just kind of how you do things.
Jasie Crotinger: Right, right.
Yeah, he's the man.
Jasie Crotinger: Batteries.
Jasie Crotinger: I will, thank you.
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good evening you too. Bye.